Super disappointed that they changed the wipes. I’ve used these wipes for over 2 years and the quality is definitely not the same. Looking into another brand now.
I tried all the kind of wipes but this one is so gentle to my baby's sensitive skin. special no chemical smell. so start to use since 2017 with my first born & still love to use them with my 2 weeks old 3rd baby 2022 with the new version
They changed these within the last couple of months, and I couldn’t be more disappointed. They are drier, harder to get out of the package, and just don’t do as good of a job. Looking at other options unfortunately.
These wipes have went above and beyond my expectations. They are everything you need in a wipe and more.
I used to live outside the US and had tons of water based wipe options. Then, I came here and every wipes broke my poor baby out with a rash. Thankfully, I opted to try these Water Wipes. They are amazing! They do a great job cleaning baby's bum without causing a rash! So happy to find a sustainable, environmentally friendly, and good wipe. I was about to start using wet baby wash cloths, but it's so hard to travel like that. Thankfully, I won't have to!
Giving these 1 star because of the change. I loved the wipes before they changed the actual wipe, texture and scent. Won’t be buying these anymore.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] Love them for the baby but miss the cleaning power on other things lol. The standard baby wipes seem to clean everything. These are super soft and seems to leave the baby super clean. No complaints. Not sure if I’d purchase again but wouldn’t hesitate if that’s what available.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] The Water Wipes are a gentle wipe that you can safely use on babies and small children. It cleans well and is also safe for the environment. They stay moist in the container and dispense easily. I will keep these handy in my home.
Absolutely love that there’s no crazy smell too these, and they’re super soft!
I’ve been using WaterWipes on my son since he was born. He’s 6 months now and has not had any skin issues. I love used WaterWipes both straight out of the pack and in a wipe warmer and I love them both ways! So glad a wipe with such few ingredients exists for my little one!!
Gentle on baby skin. We love how thick these wipes are. They do a good job of cleaning and i love that they are almost all water based. These were our favorite for our little one.
Water wipes are amazing. They smell great, remove solids from baby's bum easily, and are better for the environment and your child. I'll forever love water wipes.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] I really like the fact that these are mostly water. I've used wipes before that I thought were gentle but have left a chemical burn. These do the job without any of the bad side effects plus the wipes are durable and don't come apart when I'm using. I've even used these to clean my face and they have worked great for that. Great to keep on hand for several around the house things.
We LOVE water wipes. We originally used pampers sensitive wipes for my first child which worked fine but my second child has VERY sensitive skin and pampers just wasn’t working well so we tried water wipes and WOW such a change! No more rashes and I love that they have no scent. Highly recommend for kiddos, especially little ones who have sensitive skin!
The only wipes on the market that are just water! We’ll only use Water Wipes on our little girl. She’s never had diaper rash and I believe it’s all thanks to these wonderful wipes. When our baby was born, we were sent home from the hospital with another “clean/pure brand.” I was shocked to see how many ingredients were in other brand’s wipes. There are only 2 ingredients in Water Wipes and I think hospitals should be stocking them instead! Our brand for life!
I switched from pampers sensitive to these a few months ago and I really like them! they are much more gentle than any other wipes if you look at actual ingredients. They are thinner than pampers but still clean well. They also just announced that they are officially plastic free which just ensured that I will never switch back to any other kind of wipe!
They are so soft and don’t give my boys rashes- the ONLY wipes I can use on their sensitive skin. We love them!
These used to be the only wipes I trusted for my daughter! The company changed the formula! Not only are the wipes smaller and thinner now, but they also have a strong smell of chlorine. My daughter gets rashes when I use them. I finally had to just throw them out. Bring back the old wipes!
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] We don’t have any babies in the house but have a couple young children and these are great for cleaning hands and faces when they make a mess. The best thing about these is I don’t have to worry about any harsh chemicals that may cause irritation as both my children have sensitive skin. We will also use them for our hands if need be as kids can be extremely messy. Overall I’m well pleased with product and would use them again.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] These wipes are great. They are durable, clean messes well and don't have a fragrance. I love the package can be resealed and that they have no soap. They are gentle enough to use on the face and hands as well.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] WaterWipes Biodegradable Original Baby Wipes are the perfect wipe for babies with sensitive skin. The fact that these wipes are 99.9% water as well as fragrance free makes them our go to for diaper changes. The wipes are not too thick not too thin but they get the job done!
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] This is the best wipe EVER! No rashes, no allergies and nothing!! The best for you 1 day old! They used it in the hospital and recommended it too!! Super wet, cleans well, just perfect!! I only have this and no regrets
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] I am very happy to have this WaterWipes product for my baby. I found it very healthy, and we get nice instant clean from it. Also I found it is soft on the skin and keeps freshness. It retains the moisture on the skin so you dont get any dry skin type.
They changed the wipes. They aren’t the same anymore :(
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] These wipes work and smell really good. I love that they dissolve but I wish the packaging came in a more feasible container since the wipes should be kept in the original container. I often forget to store it upside down as directed.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] I’ve been using these WaterWipes baby wipes on my daughter for a few weeks. She has sensitive skin and I’m always looking for something that doesn’t cause her a rash or redness. These wipes gave her no issues. I would highly recommend for babies or children with skin sensitivity.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] I keep these in my baseball bag to take the the park for games. There is always something sticky or dirty and there isn't always a clean bathroom nearby. I love these to help combat all the dirty things, but also they are the best if there are only port-a-potty bathrooms and you need toilet paper. They don't leave a sticky film like normal wet wipes do and I love that they are biodegradable. Win for me!
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] Not a whole lot to say here. It is an unscented water wipe and it gets the job done. They aren't too wet or too dry and they aren't too thick or too thin. I personally prefer scented things but these are perfect for anyone with sensitive skin or allergies.
I loved the old wipes but they changed the formula and it smells like chemical!! It gave my baby small rashes too, we are no longer using this. Very disappointed
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] I have always adored this brand and its great wipes because they are so soft and gentle without being tough. I also adore how it fits exactly into the container when I refill them for the kids. I would absolutely recommend this product because I adore it and will keep using it.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] I love these wipes because they are not full of chemicals. They clean just as well as others but I feel better knowing I am not putting harmful contaminates on my child's skin. I love that they are unscented and safe for the environment too! It is a win for my family and for Mother Nature!
Absolutely in love. I was looking for something with very little ingredients because I had a feeling my baby was gonna be super sensitive since both his parents had skin issues and sure enough he is. He’s never had a diaper rash and I think it’s the wipes. I can also wipe his face without it getting irritated.
The new formula and wipe are horrible. They are rough, dry, and have a chemical smell. I want the old water wipes back. Now i have to find something new to use.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] I’m always trying to find a wipe that’s clean for baby. This wipe fit the bill. It’s almost all water with just a bit of grapefruit extract. I felt better using it on sensitive skin. We keep them in my purse to be used by all of us, not just baby.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] I bought these for my granddaughter she has very sensitive skin and we have tried a lot of products and these one is far the best one , it like water and cleans awesome without her breaking out . I highly recommend this product, the value is great and highly recommend the quality is great
Excellent wipes, doesn’t destroy skin like other alcohol wipes.. could be used to wipe other parts of the baby including the face.. very multi purpose and watery!! Love it and so worth the money
These use to be my favorite wipes. I’ve been using them for 3 years. My daughter has very sensitive skin so these were the only wipes I could use for her and then they changed the formula. They are dry, not very big or thick and they have a chemical smell.
New wipes are small, dry, and smell like chemicals
I’m glad I’m not the only one who thinks the wipes now stink! If it’s not in the formula it must be the wipe itself. This is so sad! I hope Bets&Emy wipes are still a thing.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] My son has continued rash and the water wipes are finally a cure for his rashes. He is not irritated even is I used a lot in one day. I finally don’t have to rinse wipes with pure water before using. I highly recommend for your little one with sensitive butts.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] I am always happy to use products that are better for the environment, better for my family AND that work well. These wipes are just that! They are biodegradable, free of chemicals and fragrances that may irritate skin. These wipes function as intended-they are thick enough to really clean but feel gentle on skin. I like knowing they are better for the environment as I have feelings of guilt as I throw so many things in the trash. This is one of those natural type products that I can recommend and support!
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] I got this product last week. The packaging is super simple and I appreciate that they are toting that these wipes are biodegradable. It makes me proud to use this product knowing that my carbon footprint is lessened. The wipe itself is super durable. It holds up to the toughest wipe and I would highly recommend this product to anyone who wants to shake up their wipe game and try something new.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] Hands down my favorite wipes. They are hypoallergenic and very gentle on my little one's skin. Other brands have always caused irritation, but Water Wipes are cleansing and soothing. They are the only wipes we'll ever use.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] We love using these wipes. They are so gentle on delicate skin. No irritation or unhappy bums. They do a great job cleaning and you don't have to use too many to feel like you have a nice, clean baby. Also love the ingredients and that they are biodegradable.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] We have a recently potty trained toddler and I still need to keep wipes on hand. These are great for everything - potty, after meals, general messes, in the purse or the car for on the go. I love that they are extra gentle and I don't have to worry about ingredients that might flare his eczema.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] They felt moist and seem very hydrating but they seem off a little as in smell. The smell isn’t too noticeable but I tend to dislike smells a lot in baby products. However the wipes did the job. They cleaned my baby well and no irritation has been caused from using them. The wipes are really moist which helps with not having to use multiples to clean the baby up. They are a nice size as well. The wipes are almost all water which I thought was really neat.
The new water wipes are terrible! So dry, small, and smell like windex.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] I love these wipes as they are not only safe for the environment but safe for my kids as well. We recently took a trip to Disney and these wipes were so convenient. I used them for a variety of purposes like wiping my kids mouth and hands, toilet trips, even to clean myself in case of spills. These were so handy and great. Perfect amount of moisture and no skin irritation.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] I really like that these don't contain harsh chemicals, like some other wipes. But the wipes themselves are just too flimsy for the big jobs. They stretch easily when pulling from the package, making them even thinner. It took 4 wipes stacked up to keep my hands clean while using. Just too much waste and hassle for me.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] This is all we used for our son with his sensitive skin when he was first born and still use it now too. They are perfect for any baby and especially the ones very prone to diaper rashes like my son. I highly recommend this product to everyone and so glad someone recommended it to me.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] WaterWipes Biodegradable Original Baby Wipes, 99.9% Water Based Wipes, Unscented & Hypoallergenic for Sensitive Skin They are incredible, you feel so fresh when using them and they leave the skin clean without unpleasant residues or fragrances it is as if you were using a jet of water to clean yourself, That's how fresh it feels to use them, without excellent and they are also 100% biodegradable, they have the right size And they are very resistant and because they are water based they do not dry quickly as it usually happens with the others. I love!
Used to love these wipes but after the new change it’s not the same anymore, strong chemical smell and super dry they shouldn’t be called water wipes anymore. Unfortunately I will no longer be buying these, looking into a different brand now :(
These were our go to for the last 2 years until recently. They were totally worth spending the extra money on. The new formula is NOT the same quality at all. Switched to pampers pure and haven’t looked back. Cheaper and closer to the old water wipe formula.
Very expensive and dry.
Awful new wipes. You lost me as a customer. For 3 years I bought these as my go to for my baby but this new version is tiny and thin and have no water. Why would you do this to us? We Moms spend forever figuring out what works for our babies and now you caused us MORE work and my baby isn't happy about it either!! Ugh
Loved them for my sensitive baby until they changed the formula now she’s back to getting diaper rashes again. The wipe itself even feels different. Such a shame they were the best.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] We just got these WaterWipes for the first time and I’m amazed by the quality. They are very moist and strong in quality of fabric. They do not tear easily. The bag that they came in is light weight and easy to take on the go. We will buy again!
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] These water wipes are game changers. They are super soft. They are also very moist which makes wiping your babies bottom so much easier. I like how they are simply just water wipes. They do not contain any chemicals or harsh ingredients.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] After trying a lot of different types of baby wipes, WaterWipes are my new go-to! These are the best! They are sturdy and hold up (even through the biggest blow-outs), plus they are soft and sensitive to the baby's skin. Definitely recommend!
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] Our family loves these wipes, our children have sensitive skin and they always seem to work well. They also work well on my dog when she has some potty issues. They are not irritating, and don’t leave a weird smell! Love em
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] WaterWipes Biodegradable Original Baby Wipes, 99.9% Water Based Wipes, Unscented & Hypoallergenic for Sensitive Skin, 60 Count worked very well for me. I used them in the bathroom for quick clean ups. The really came in handy after I applied makeup. I used them to clean my hands.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] WaterWipes baby wipes is very moist and a decent size. The pack feels heavy for the amount of wipes in it, I can feel the moistness from outside the packs. It cleans well, doesn’t break or fall apart. I love it’s biodegradable and just 2 ingredients. Plus free of fragrance, sulfate, and parabens. It’s a product I am proud to use on my child and myself. The only thing I don’t like is the feel of it. It doesn’t glide on skin like the other wipe I use otherwise I am happy with it.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] We love water wipes at our house. They stay so moist even after the package has been open for awhile. They are great sensitive skin with no fragrance and being made out of mostly water. I feel safe using these on my toddler and they are a must have in our travel diaper bag!
These were my go to baby wipes, but there has been a change in the formula. As many of the comments have stated, there is a STRONG chemical smell. Definitely not something I want to use on my child.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] We love Water Wipes in our home. They are perfect for wiping faces of back sides. You don't have to worry about fragrance or chemicals breaking out baby. Easy to toss the diaper bag or car with many size count to choose from. Best of all they are good for the environment.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] Our daughter tends to have sensitive skin and can sometimes be prone to rashes. With this, we have gone through a bunch of different wipes to find something gentle enough for her skin and these wipes work great. We haven’t seen any irritation to her skin since we’ve been using them. I like that they are hypoallergenic as well, and if you have a baby with sensitive skin I’d definitely recommend this product.
These wipes were great until they changed the formula. What threw me off the most was the chemical smell, we also noticed the packaging was smaller and wipes felt drier. I was using these for months but now moving on to using a different wipe
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] I have tried several brands wipes for my daughter, however her skin is too sensitive and gets rash easily. The organic water wipes are life savior!! These wipes are organic and mostly water. They are great and the wipes are soft and smooth and doesn’t cause any irritation for my baby. Love them!!
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] My family has sensitive skin and added fragrances and other ingredients usually cause some irritation. These wipes are great because they are unscented and water based. I'll definitely look for these in the store. The package was easy to open and the wipes came out one at a time.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] These water wipes are awesome. They are moist and soft on the skin. I definitely appreciate finding wipes that don’t use harsh ingredients. These wipes are great if you have a baby with sensitive skin or allergies to certain chemicals in products.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] These Water wipes are moist and very soft. I bring them each time we picnic during the summer or travel in the car year round. They don’t have harsh chemicals that hurt the skin, it is very soft and lightly scented. I would recommend these wipes to parents with babies because they are so soft to the touch and very gentle with each use on the skin.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] We strictly only use water wipes for our kids. No other brand comes close in terms of purity, simplicity and quality. If your kid have skin issues or allergic to chemicals, then these wipes are for you. I highly recommend these. you will not regret it.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] These are great if you have a baby with sensitive skin, like my baby. You can always ensure no irritation, even when used on the baby’s face. The packaging is simple and easy to open. And the wipes don’t come out a lot at once, they actually separate. I just wish that the wipes were a tad larger though, they seem to be smaller than other baby wipes. All in all, WaterWipes are my go to for my sensitive baby!
Loved them for 5 years !!! But they changed the formula and they are super dry won’t be repurchasing until they bring back the old formula .
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] I have just received the biodegradable water wipes, and I like the way they feel against the skin. It is mainly of waterbase which means less chemicals that are touching the baby's body. I have used this on my grand baby and it kept them clean and is soft material so it is super easy to wipe the baby down from their mess. Very good wipes.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] These baby wipes are very moist and clean very well. I was only concerned with the smell. It has a very strong antiseptic smell, like rubbing alcohol and/or hand sanitizer. I was reluctant to use it on my child, but used it on myself. It didn't irritate. I use only fragrance free wipes, so I was disappointed.
The box says nothings changed but these wipes now smell like chemicals, are much drier, and thinner then the previous version. Will be returning all my boxes and have to find something else.
I normally don’t write reviews. But I agreed with all the recent negative reviews. It smells like chemicals. Consider how expensive it is, it is worst than Huggies and doubles the price. I have been using this for over half years. Going to return the new pack I just reordered. I wish I didn’t reorder it after tried the new package. I feel so dumb.
These WERE the best wipes. They are absolutely awful now.
So sad they changed the actual wipe. They gave My daughter multiple rashes. So rough on the skin.
I was thrown off at first because the packaging is different than the old box. Both the box and wipe packages are smaller, but apparently still 720 wipes. The wipes still look and feel the same and my baby hasn't reacted to them, so I assume they're the same. Just a heads up if you're used to the old package.
Just another item that has gone from 10 to 0 in 2022. I swore by these wipes for over a year because they were so gentle for her eczema prone skin and they had zero smell. Now when you open the package they smell like windex. The chemical smell is over powering which is odd for a wipe that should be only water and fruit extract. Switched to the much cheaper Huggies sensitive since they are also eczema approved and they have been great so far.
New formula left a rash, smells like chemicals.
Dr. recommended... best on bums, a little pricy.
These used to be my favorite wipes. Used them with both of my kids. This last pack I bought was completely different. If they are going to be like that from now on I'm not purchasing them anymore
Bring back the old formula!!!!
I have purchased these consistantly for years but the newest package I got were completely different. The wipes are significatnly thinner and poor quality.
My daughter has extremely sensitive skin and these were the only wipes I could use on her. They recently changed the formula, the wipes are thin, smaller and have a strong odor. There’s definitely a ingredient that is making my daughter rash. They are also drying my daughters skin. I don’t plan on purchasing these wipes again.
Beware of new formula! I used to love WaterWipes but sadly they have changed the formula and ruined something great. I used to only use WaterWipes but as soon as I opened my most recent pack, I was so disappointed and immediately returned them. There was a very obvious chemical type of smell and the material was completely different. I am so sad and have now switched to pampers aquapure. I will not use WaterWipes again unless they go back to the old formula.
They changed the wipes. I have been using these since my first baby was born and there is an obvious difference. Not only in the texture and size of the wipe but there is a chemical smell now that was never there before. I will no longer purchase waterwipes
These used to be my go to for wipes, hardly any sent and just water! Not sure what changed but the new ones smell so strongly of alcohol and made my babies butt red raw and bloody. Will never buy again unless they change it back to the old version.
These are one of my favorite wipes to use. I love the clean ingredient list. Make me comfortable using them in my kiddo.
These are the only wipes I can use for my son. We tried the other “clean” types from other brands and they all irritated him. Since using only these he has not had any sort of diaper rash. They’re a little dryer than other brands but once you’re used to it it doesn’t really bother me.
The new wipes have a weird smell. Water wipes might only add "water and a drop of fruit extract," but I don't know what the wipes are made out of that are causing this awful smell. Do yourself a favor and listen to the other reviewers and find another brand.
My baby has very sensitive skin she would get open sores from other wipes. Then we’re the only ones that worked. Well they did anyways til they changed them. Now they are thinner, dryer and they stink. I am so disappointed. I was okay with paying the extra money for a quality product now I’m better off buying an off brand.
I’ve used these wipes since my two year old was born. Ever since the “new look” box was released, the wipes are thin and smell like bleach. My daughter, who has maybe had one diaper rash in her entire life, kept getting rashes that looked like minor chemical burns. I have since switched. Disappointed. Used to be the best wipes.
These were our go to wipes since our son was a nb. He is 11 months now and this was our first pack of the new water wipes. My son started getting a persistent diaper rash which I thought was yeast, everything I read said check your products if you’ve changed them recently well I hadn’t but they just changed the look I thought. I then went on to read more reviews and sure enough opening the packs they smell like STRONG chemicals. They say the new look didn’t change the great product but it did. I’m considering having these tested at a lab because these either have way more chemicals than listed or other chemicals that aren’t listed… will not use ever again
THE BOX SAID NO CHANGES TO PRODUCT JUST THE BOX WELL THATS NOT TRUE BC I HAD 2 PCKS LEFT TO COMPARE & THE NEW WIPES ARE THINNER & SMELL DIFFERENT THAN PREVIOUS WIPES!! I REALLY LIKED THESE WIPES BUT NOW I USE TWICE AS MANY AT A TIME!! WHY DID YOU MESS WITH A GOOD THING??
These are our preferred wipes for sensitive toushies!
I don't know why the packaging claims to be the same formula with just an updated look because they are NOT the same wipes as before. It's extremely disappointing. I was willing to pay a premium for truly sensitive wipes but they aren't anymore so I might as well save half my money and pick a better brand.
These used to be the perfect wipes until the formula changed. I do not recommend these wipes to anymore anymore.
Loved the old formula for all my 4 babies, so disappointed in the new formula. Why are brands switching ingredients around when there was nothing wrong with the original. On top of that they raised the price for a cheaper product.
Soooo sad about the formula change.
We loved the old version but this new formula has totally messed with our little ones skin. Now after using since birth we are on the hunt for a new wipe brand. Will never buy these again unless they rework their current formula and make buyers aware of changes. Do not buy if your little one deals with diaper rash or any skin condition, this new formula is not sensitive skin friendly.
Great Waterwipes. Would Purchase Again.
Why did they have to change them? The new ones are awful & there is NO way their ingredients haven’t changed. You can smell the difference. And the wipes are so much thinner than before. Switching brands now.
Beware of updated product! Used to buy these wipes exclusively. Now back on the hunt for a good eczema friendly wipe.
We loved the old wipes. The new formula is awful, you immediately smell a chemical-like odor! We will no longer be using these wipes which is unfortunate as we used to rave about them prior to the change.
These used to be my favorite wipes, but they have changed them and not they have an awful smell. They smell like the whiteboard cleaner I use in my classroom. We have discontinued using these and have no plans to switch back to them again.
These used to be the best but terrible new version. Thinner sheets that are hard to pull out one at a time, not as soft and allows poop to go through onto hands when wiping because they’re so thin. Also, not nearly as wet as old formula. Clearly an effort to cut cost/increase profit by sacrificing quality. Will never buy again as there are much better wipes out there.
The “new look” is AWFUL! Seriously. I never write reviews, but it’s given my toddler a horrible rash. She hasn’t had a diaper rash that didn’t go away after one change and use of cream in over a year, but with this “new look” it’s been constant. It’s like it’s been burning her skin! I thought I noticed a slightly different smell, definitely noticed the texture and thickness were different, but I’m pregnant and thought I was just super sensitive. Nope, my husband mentioned it and we compared the smell of some of the “old style” vs “new style” and the new one smells like straight chlorine. We will not be purchasing these anymore. Ito very frustrating because we loved these, but the “new style” is certainly NOT the same and it’s awful.
These are the only wipes I buy for my little one. She has sensitive skin and these are gentle and do not cause irritation while still strong enough to get the job done.
They did something new besides the look to these wipes. They used to be so great and had enough moisture to really wipe. Now they’re much drier and don’t last as long. It’s terrible. They used to stand out to me so much and now they’re just like other wipes
Smell like Chemicals!!! Our hospital used these and we brought a few packs home and we LOVED these. I bought some from the store once we ran out of the ones from the hospital and the packaging is a little different and they smell like Chemicals. My son even broke out after using them. These are apparantly not the same as they use to be!!! I would NOT recommend to anyone!
This new formula is just awful. We have never used anything other than this brand and I was shocked at the last batch we have used. It smells like pure chlorine. My daughter has been getting red a lot more often and I’m convinced it’s these wipes. Will no longer be purchasing. It’s such a shame because these were in my opinion the best wipes ever! What a loss!
Other brands' "sensitive" wipes always caused my baby a rash. So so grateful for these wipes, they're the only ones that my daughter's skin could tolerate. Been buying these for 2+ years and will never buy any other wipes for any reason as long as these are available.
Horrible new formula. The wipes are dry, smaller, and have a chemical smell.
I’ve purchased these wipes for 3 years and will not use them anymore after the recent formula change. The new smell was noticeable immediately after opening the package. It smells like chlorine, like many other reviews said. The only ingredients are “99.9% water and a drip of fruit extract” which is the same as the previous version states. But they definitely smell and feel different. They are not as soft as previous wipes. Really disappointed in the new version.
The new formula is absolutely disgusting. It smells horrible and I feel like I am rubbing chemicals all over. Gross.
New formula is horrible they are dry and scratchy. I loved the old version. Horrible now.
Like everyone else is saying, the new wipes are terrible. They smell like chemicals, aren’t wet, and are much smaller than before. I’m so bummed out- Water Wipes were our go to but after we use up this box I’m not buying them again.
New version smaller, very dry and smells. I had to return them and discontinue my amazon subscribe and save of this brand after using for years. I don't understand how they passed quality control. Who ever is in charge of that department needs to be fired along with the board members that approved it. Terrible terrible terrible!
These new wipes smell like a pool, like chlorine. My husband smelled them and he agreed. The old wipes did not have a smell AT ALL. These new ones are smaller, and are scratchy. We won’t be buying them anymore which is unfortunate because they are the only wipes that worked on my baby’s skin. Very disappointed in this company who seems to have compromised their quality to make more money, at our expense!
The new version are smaller, have a chemical smell to them and are not as wet. We really miss the old wipes. We will not be buying these again.
The new wipes are AWFUL! Terrible smell, uncomfortable texture and no longer wet and pure. They are now just like every other bad baby wipe out there.
The new formula is awful. We loved the old formula but the new ones smell like chlorine and are super dry and roughy on my babies bottom. Will not buy these again!
The new formula is horrible! Do not buy it! They smell like chemicals and are dry.
They changed everything good about it and the change is not for the good - the size of the wipe is smaller, less soft, and doesn’t clean well due to it not being as wet. I used double the amount and still it’s not clean. I almost need to give both babies a bath because it doesn’t clean well. I hope they bring back the old version. This new one is really not good.
Water wipes used to be awesome. I don’t know what they did but now they suck. They stink like chemicals, are rough, smaller, dry, and do not offer a smooth clean up like they used to. I don’t know who decided they were going to make changes but it’s really disappointing. DO NOT BUY.
DOWNGRADED QUALITY!!! I’ve used this brand for years and loved how gentle they are; however, I agree with all the other negative reviews. The new version smells like windex and gave my baby’s sensitive skin a nasty diaper rash!!! As soon as I stopped using them I was able to clear up his rash and threw the rest of the box away!! STEER CLEAR - DO NOT BUY and let’s show this company that their new product is trash.
I’ve been using these for 2 years since daughter was a newborn. Unfortunately, there is a difference in the new version. They are more rough and not as wet. Please bring back the old version!
They changed their product. They are no longer the silky smooth, large wipes with little to no scent like they used to be. The wipes are now thin, dry and stink.
5 years using them and they never failed. I opened a package of the new version and without having used it I didn't like it. only the texture shows you the difference between the previous ones and the ones now. I do not like ;/
New product is AWFUL!! I’ve been using these wipes for 4 years since my son was a baby and now my daughter is 1 years old and the product changed for the worst!! They are hard, smell different, the texture makes it hard to wipe and they fall apart. The smell is off too. Devastated since we do so many diaper changes throughout the day, this has made diaper changes stressful. :(
New wipes are horrible in comparison to the old version. They’re dry and smell like chlorine.
Hate the new wipe! Wipe is rough and not wet at allllll. Loved the old wipe :( so sad about the changes!
These were our go-to for our sensitive-skin babies for several years and were totally worth the premium price. NOT ANYMORE! I WOULD NOT BUY AGAIN! The new version are disgusting. They hands down smell strongly of rubbing alcohol. While both original and “new” formulas claim traces of Benzalkonium Chloride (which is an antiseptic), there is literally no way there wasn’t an increase in the amount of that ingredient or addition of some other undisclosed ingredient which is a massive lack of transparency. They are also smaller, thinner, and drier. All for the same premium price. If you’re looking for something scentless and wonderful for your sweet babe’s skin - look elsewhere.
DO NOT BUY! CHANGED FORMULA AND SIZE. I was loyal to this wipe regardless how annoying they were to use from the dispensers. My last order I instantly noticed the change in scent and size. Come on, inflation with these too? And then switch up the ingredients like we won’t notice?! Super disgusted and I hope they read these reviews.
I used to LOVE water wipes but the new version is horrible! The wipes are now thin, dry, and rough. My 18 month old is even developing diaper rash for the first time with these. So disappointed in the changes.
I normally don’t leave reviews unless I absolutely love or absolutely hate….I use to absolutely love these but now I absolutely hate these. The smell of alcohol is so strong it almost makes me sick and if I don’t wanna use it on me I sure as heck don’t want to use it on my sensitive toddler. Please go back to the old formula!!!
Finally decided to try these I didn’t even see or notice the price but dosent matter I’m not really a worry about the price when it comes to my baby … anyway these I bought to use not as his diaper wipes but for his hands and feet because my son just like every other baby spends half the day putting them in his mouth so I like to periodically clean then with a wet napkin and voila now I don’t have to these wipes fo just that ! And I do not have to pat dry the water moist left behind is just enough to dry on it’s own and leaves baby fresh and clean even gentle enough for his face I love it !
Product changed without making it obvious. Significantly smaller and thinner and less water. Needed almost 2 or 3 more than normal. Not going to keep buying at the higher cost!
Agree with all of the poor reviews. The recent change to the product has made the wipe very different and much worse than before. I’m looking at other brands now.
I used to love these and spend the higher cost because they were worth it. My last box- I had no idea the formula was changed. The wipes are completely different and not as wet. I think they smell like cleaner. Husband agrees. Unless they change them back I will no longer spend the extra money on these. Gross.
The new version is awful. Just like everyone else states, they’ve ruined their product.
These wipes are too small and thin
We noticed that the recent packages we purchased had a very strong chemical smell to them. It was similar to bleach/chlorine. I was changing our babies diaper and after wiping she began to cry. That’s when I got the smell of the wipes and went to smell the package. It was very strong. It prompted me to research the wipes online and found similar reviews/comments about the smell and then a chemical being present as an ingredient. I went to smell the rest of the packages in the box and they also contained a very strong smell. I went to bathe our baby right away. We will NOT be purchasing these wipes again!
I Like Them For Cleaning Hands And Face Better Than Disoer Changes
The “new” version of these wipes are terrible—rough, not wet and SMALL! We will no longer be purchasing these, even if they cut the price in half.
What a huge disappointment! These were the best wipes for my daughter's highly sensitive skin, but the new version is awful. Everything I loved about the old version is gone- these are so dry and scratchy. I hoped we just got a bad batch but I see that many others are experiencing this. These wipes were the most expensive option, but I was glad to buy them over and over because they really kept my daughter's skin happy. The new product is definitely not worth the high cost. Absolutely do not recommend these wipes anymore- we will be switching brands immediately.
We LOVED these wipes used them and only these for my first ... and then they changed them. Now, they’re terrible and end up using so many more than before to clean up a really simple mess. The messy messy diapers.. forget it with these wipes. I’ll never buy again. Too bad. Another truly good product gone. #thanksformakingmomlifealittleharder
I had no idea they changed the product until I bought this last pack. I agree with all the other bad reviews and will not buy them anymore.
The new look, formula, and how then the wipes are garbage. We used these for my last two babies worked great the old ones. Used it with our third baby and the new stuff sucks. Not buying them again.
We have used this brand for the past 2years and loved them so much! Unfortunately we will no longer be paying the high price for the new cheap material. They are super dry. Who cares if they got a new look! Bring back the old look with the old formula and material!! Thanks
New Formula smells like chlorine from a pool! I will not use them on my baby! No longer buying unless they make them like before.
I really like these wipes for my newborn. But I did notice that since they changed the design on the package the wipes also seem a lot more thinner.
I used to LOVE these. I have used them since 2015 with my first child. And they worked for literally everything, even getting pen and food stains off my rugs/furniture, scrubbing my glass top stove, etc. The new wipes I received a month ago are awful. They are smaller and different material, dry, and they also seem to smell different. I will not be paying premium pricing for these wipes anymore. So very disappointed.
The new formula is not wet at all! SO SAD. I loved the other formula and recommended them all the time. Not anymore. Please bring back the old formula.
Strong alcohol smell
These WERE my favorite wipes. New Formula is horrible. Now it’s a cheap, thin wipe with a chemical smell
The Recent Formula Change Is So Upsetting! These Were All We Used For Over 4 Years With Both Kids And Last Box Was Our Last. They Used To Be Great Wipes That Felt So Clean. Now The Wipes Are Thin And Smell Like Rubing Alcohol. These Are Far Too Expensive To Accept Bad Product.
Horrible ! My newborn had developed a rash and we were lucky enough to purchase the old formula and it was working great! Now it was time to restocked and I received the new formula and now my baby’s diaper rash came back. Currently on a hunt for another waterwipe. Why would they change something that’s good? This is just horrible.
The new formula for these wipes are AWFUL!! They are smaller, drier, rougher texture and smell like rubbing alcohol!! The old wipes were the absolute best wipes and this new formula is so bad I’m going to have to find a new wipe now. VERY disappointed!!!
We have used only Water Wipes for 3 years because they were so great for our babies, and I am so disappointed we have to start looking for something else. I heard the change was not good, but decided to try for myself because the other wipe options out there aren’t good and I really didn’t want to switch. But these wipes are so dry and rough, they’re not useful at all. Not to mention the new smell is concerning (don’t they have to include other ingredients in the label? Because there’s something else in there). I won’t purchase again.
These are my go-to wipes. I like that the ingredients are clean and minimal.
So dry ! BRING BACK THE OLD FORMULA.
They are smaller than before, a rougher wipe and smell like rubbing alcohol. If they are 99% water still why do they smell so strongly of chemicals
Opened my new case of wipes and noticed the texture of the wipes were different. Thought I bought the wrong ones until I read all reviews. Wish they’d go back to the old ones — Much better! Now I’ll need to find a different wipes for my sensitive little!
Quality Has Changed. I Won't Re Purchase.
Changed The Size Of Wipes & They're Rough Now
Worst idea ever to change these wipes. I now have to find a new wipe to like which isn’t easy. They are dryer, smaller, and do not open well. The definitely stick together worse as well. Negative 100 stars to whoever in Ireland was in charge of this decision.
These are DISGUSTING now. I have a baby with multiple allergies and NOW guess what NOTHING to wipe her with. Ridiculous. THANKS!
I use to swear by these and recommended them to every mom I met! If it was a little change, maybe we manage but they changed every single thing I loved about them for the worse. Now they’re small, it takes 5 of them to change a soiled diaper, and the worst part is they smell like rubbing alcohol or some other chemical. I now refuse to use these on my babies bottom or face because of it.
We Have Used Water Wipes For Quite Some Time. They Should've Never Changed The Texture Of The Wipe Itself. They Are Not As Soft To The touch On The Baby's Bottom And Feel Like Paper.
I thought I found the wipe of all wipes. It was good for a while. They really helped prevent my son from breaking out in diaper rashes. They felt thick, extremely moist. Now, they’re thin and dry and have a heck of the time getting them out of the pack. The price for me was always steep but I was willing to pay it for something that really benefits my son. Unfortunately we will be going back to pampers wipes. Really upset/disappointed in the “new” look.
they did not have any right to ruin such a great product or they just want customers to not buy these wipes anymore, why, only God knows. highly disappointed with new wipes.'water wipes', you lost one more customer.
With new packing, quality was also changed. Not only changed, downgraded to its lowest level. Don’t buy if you find ‘new look’ on packaging.
They came from the best wipes do the worst one. They probably changed to be cheaper to them to probably but they didn’t lower the price. Not going to buy them anymore, unfortunately!
New wipes- they didn’t just change the package design but the whole wipe is different. It’s slightly smaller, drier, rough wipes, and has weird smell (kind of like chlorine pool smell). This was the only wipe ai’ve been using since my daughter was born last year but now it is so terrible. I have to find something else. How sad
We’ve been buying water wipes for 5 years and the redesign is awful! The wipes have an awful chemical smell (strongly like rubbing alcohol) but the packaging says it still contains mostly water. Very disappointed and now on the hunt for new brand of wipes that don’t smell like they’ll take my nail polish off.
Not Wet And Too Thin And Small. They Changed The Formula And Now I Hate Them. I Have To Use 10 Wipes For One Poop When It Was 3-4 Before.
Used these for years and they changed to a new wipe which is MUCH thinner! Sad.
Used these for a year and half. My favorite wipe! They said they only changed the packaging, but wipes are smaller, not wet enough, different texture, and they smell horribly like plastic. Smells like a plastic pool float or something. Hate them now and will not buy or use anymore.
New formula is terrible. The wipes are dry, the texture is rough, no longer good for sensitive skin. Used old wipes for last 2 years, they were great. Definitely not buying again. Lost confidence in this company.
I’ve bought these for years and years. Hate the redesign of this product. The wipes now feel rough and they are smaller. Off to go research new wipes!
These used to be great, but they changed the formula. Now they’re dry, thin, and flimsy. Absolutely terrible.
We were loyals to Water Wipes until the last time we purchased them. I thought maybe the packaging just changed… but no. Everything about these wipes is different. Not wet, small and flimsy. You need 2-3x the amount. I even added some water to the packages just to make them slightly better. Everything I loved about them is no longer there. I’m so sad… going to give Pampers Pure a try.
New formula is bad, sheet is smaller and smells funky and it’s not as wet as the old one. Also if you read the back, these new wipes only last for 2 weeks once opened, when the old formula would last 4 weeks after being opened. Really disappointed in the change, the old ones were more wet which helped a lot! I’ve been using them on my 10 month old since the day she came home from the hospital (only reason for giving you an extra star). Now I’m searching around for the old ones if any store still carries them!
Small, Not Wet, Chemical Smell. Why Change Something That Was So Good!? So Sad.
Gave my daughter a chemical burn. New formulation is trash. Buy a different brand.
So irritating to my baby daughter. New feel and smell. Tiny, Flimsy size.
“New and improved” wipes are awful. Switched to Pampers Pure.
They changed the wipe completely. I want to cry because these are the only wipes that I use. Ladies, If you know, you know. The wipe itself is thin and when wiping, if kind of clings to your hand and rolls up. I wish I would have known before buying again. I repurchase every 2 weeks and if I had known about this change, I wouldn’t have. If you remember what they were like before, and that was your reason for loving them, you’re going to be very disappointed. PLEASE GO BACK TO THE OLD ONES.
Helped decrease diaper rash frequency. If they are honest about their ingredients, I like the short list.
I’ve used these for a year and a half and yes, they definitely changed the product. It is a different size and texture than it used to be, and there’s a smell to them that they didn’t have before, but I assume that’s because they are now made of plant based material. I am so happy to know they’re better for the planet (not plastic) and I feel like they work the same as the old formulation. They don’t cause skin issues for my baby and they’re now better for the planet? Great! I’ll keep purchasing these wipes.
I used to love these wipes so much until they changed them completely! They used to be thick and full of moisture, now they are thin, flimsy and dry! I had no problem paying a little extra for the quality that they once were but now I will no longer be purchasing these!
The new product change sucked. I have an avoid customer for water wipes for four years, that was the only brand we ever bought. But after this absolutely not. I’m taking two cases directly back to target this morning
I have always loved using water wipes, and I know people have complained that the product they use for the wipes has gotten lower in quality…I didn’t have that issue—until now. They have changed the wipe quality once again, they are thinner, smaller, and have a smell to them that smells very strong. The texture also feels slightly more rough than before. It says there’s no chemicals, only 99.9% water and a drop of fruit extract, but it literally smells like there’s something else in it. almost smells like sanitizer or some sort of alcohol…I don’t know what happened but suddenly, these are horrible. I’m very disappointed. Definitely not worth the price!
New Formulation Is terrible. The New Product Is Marketed As A "New Look," But What They Really Mean Is "New (Worse) Product." It's Not Even The Same Product- The Length Of The Wipe Is 1" Shorter Than The Previous Wipes (See Pic For Comparison), There Is A Bad Smell To The New Version, And The Moisture Content Is Lower (They Seem So Dry Now, Like A Competitor Brand). This Was The Only Brand Of Wipes I Ever Wanted To Use, But These Are Just So Bad Now. Please Bring Back The Old Version!
I’ve been using these on my baby since he was born, they were perfect. I don’t know what possessed them to change the size, texture and formula. They smell like chemicals! Trash. They will be going back guess good things don’t last forever.
Why did they change these? If it ain’t broke, then don’t fix it! I’ve used these for 2 years and I use to love them, I’m so sad!
So sad that they change formula, this used to be the only wipes my daughter can used. All the other ones give her a rash. This formula smells like chemicals and are so small and thin, And I notice that my daughter start having rashes again!
The size of wipes was changed. Now they are smaller. Even the package advertise them as same, they are not.
I hate that they changed the formula! What they had before was perfect. New ones are extra thin and dry. Terrible chemical smell as well
These used to be the only wipes i would use. However, i just bought a whole case of them only to find out that the product has COMPLETELY changed. The wipes tear easily, smell like chemicals, and dry out extremely fast. I have used these wipes for 3 years, and now refuse to buy them again. I wish i had read the reviews before buying a whole case. SO dissapointed. Don't waste your money.
I’ve been using water wipes exclusively for 11 months. My daughters entire life. I loved them and never considered switching. The new formula is awful. The wipes themselves are thinner and feel cheaper. They are veryyyy dry. They have a subtle chemical smell now, which they never did before. I hope they go back to the old way so I can start using them again. For now, we are definitely switching and probably not even going to use the 12 unopened we have of the new formula.
The new wipes are so dry and smaller but of course they are the same price as usual. Company obviously tried to cut corners and based on all the bad reviews, I’m sure they’ll regret it. I’ve been using these for years and now I’ll have to try something new. Such a disappointment.
These used to be my favorite and we used them for everything. Now they smell like chemicals and they’re much smaller. Won’t be buying again.
I used to love these wipes, but they recently changed the formula & packaging. They have a chemical smell and are dry. I switched to Millie Moon & it’s been great!
The new formula smells horrible and is dry. I plan to take the rest of the box back to get a refund. I am so disappointed because I loved the old ones to wipe my son’s hands after he eats. I will be finding something else now, instead.
Don’t care what the new packaging says, they definitely changed the formula! Smells like chemicals SO strongly and starting to give my son a rash! Why change something when it was just fine before!
Worst wipes been using these for 3 years and ever since the new look it all has changed for worse thinner cheaper and smaller not at all how they once were no longer buying these new version of water wipes don’t waste your time and money disappointed customer :[
New version is dry, have to find better brand now.
I didn't want to believe all of the new, bad reviews. I've been using these since our LO was born in December '21 and was very happy with them despite the higher cost compared to competitors. They were gentle, moist, cleaned her bum well, and best yet didn't smell or cause a rash. But alas they have changed more than the packaging - the formula is 100% different. Several people mentioned a chemical smell to the wipes and I'll tell you what it is - it's CHLORINE! It's hard to avoid the smell once you open the package's seal. It smells like a swimming pool. No wonder so many reviewers have shared that their LO's have gotten rashes after using these new wipes. Ugh. Now we're using a competitor's wipes that I don't like as much, but they don't smell like Chlorine, are gentle, and best, they are way cheaper. Will happily buy these again if WaterWipes fixes the formula.
They raised the price for smaller wipes! I don’t understand why they changed them to smaller, dryer and thinner wipes. Please save your money, they aren’t worth it anymore!
I like that it doesn’t give my daughter a rash like pampers wipes
Awful redesign — dry and small — looking for a new brand of wipes
PLEASE change them back to the way they used to be! These new wipes are “plant based” or something, but they are horrible compared to the old version! They are thin and dry! Takes over 4 wipes to clean poop, when it used to take 1-2. Not worth the price tag and I’ll be looking for another brand. I’ve used Water Wipes for over 5 years, but these are not the same! :(
Glad Im Not The Only One That Hates The Change! Reminds Me Of Hospital Alcohol Pads, The Feel, The Smell, The Waybthey Wipe. They Suck. After Using Them For Over 5 Years They've Lost A Customer!
This was the best product on the market and now it is garbage. I CANNOT understand why they would change something that was so amazing to begin with.
Hate hate hate the new water wipes… I can appreciate the benefit for environmental impact but I really hate the product now and will not continue to purchase as they genuinely do not do a good job
Water wipes USED to be the best. This new version gave my baby a rash. They are smaller, dry and smell like chemicals. When my husband brought these home from Target I honestly thought they were a knock off.
Very disappointed with this new version of Waterwipes – they appear to be smaller, thinner, rougher and have a chemical smell now. Will not continue to buy. The previous version was worth the high price, but it is not justified for this new version.
Just like many others, I am soooo disappointed with the change in the wipes. They are way less wet & have texture which I dislike. Now they are just like every other brand …. So sad since I loved using the original ones with my first baby!
The wipes have definitely changed from the samples I received previously. They are much smaller. Very thin wipe. I don’t think the cost justifies what you receive. They also don’t come out easy. You have to pick out the wipe each and every time so not one handed friendly.
I ordered a large pack only to be so dissatisfied. What changed? These were not the wipes I was used to. Checked back here to see if anyone else noticed this change and yup..sure enough, other people are just as upset. Not happy about this new formula. They are not as moist and feel thinner. I’m so upset!
The new ones suck. They are thinner and rough. Definitely not worth the price anymore.
These are awful now. They used to be a great wipe but now they are thin, smaller, drier, and smell like chemicals. They also increased the price. Will be changing brands.
So disappointed In The Change!!! Please Bring Back The Old Water Wipes!!!
I am so sad that these have changed! I raved to everyone that these were the best wipes ever and was willing to pay the extra cost for the quality! Now they feel like a flushable wipe— thin and rough! I will be returning and not purchasing anymore!
I don’t know if they’ve changed their formula, but a recent box I purchased smells like gasoline. I am not comfortable putting this on my baby.
Used to love these wipes now they’re thinner & less in the package. Guess it’s time to move on. So disappointed about this change!!!!!!
Nooo why change something that was perfect? Will not be buying these anymore. I just opened this new box for my daughter , to see that the package changed. Wipes aren’t as thick, moist or as big. This new wipe is so dry and thin. Very disappointed
It is not only a change in the packaging it’s also a change to the wipes. They’re less moist and pretty rough. Absolutely don’t justify the price, not that I would recommend them anyway even at a lower price point. These used to be the gold standard of wipes, and they’re just not. Please revert to old wipes.
We use to LOVE these water wipes. Now searching for another option since they decided to charge more for less and change the quality of them as well! Horrible that everything is going this way these days less for more $. Took the new one out of the pack and was amazed that they would make them SO small, idk if I could even use them for a poopy diaper without getting poop on my hand. Annoying
We have used water wipes for 6 years!!! They recently changed drastically. I noticed they now have "trace amounts" of Benzalkonium Chloride. Idk don't know how small it is because they smell like chemicals now. Water Wipes used to be the perfect wet wipe. My children have extremely sensitive skin. BRING BACK THE OLD FORMULA. I guess it is time to find something new, if it even exists.
Used these wipes exclusively for the last 11 months. New formula is horrible. Wreaks of chemicals, barely moist and smaller than the old wipes. Very disappointed and will not be purchasing this product again.
When I opened my new package of Water Wipes, I thought I must’ve gotten a bad batch or I was going crazy. They were dry and rough vs the normal moist and gentle. I have loved these wipes for my son because they did not irritate his eczema. In addition, I didn’t mind the extra cost because they seemed so gentle on his skin. I am quite disappointed with the update and that we will have to find a new brand. Please bring back the old wipes! Sincerely, moms everywhere
I used to love how moist these wipes were. The new changes made ruined the wipes! They are now very dry and smell chemically. Will be switching to a new brand from wipes.
We loved these over the last few months after using huggies naturals for years with other children. Recently water wipes changed and the new pack we got smells like straight chlorine when you open it. I have a baby with eczema and allergies and I will not be using these on him any longer. Shame because they were great before they changed them.
I used these for 19 months. The packages changed and the wipes now irritate my LO. I returned the box. The new wipes are small and smell bad. Too bad, the previous product was almost perfect.
Why would you make these wipes less moist when they are called wet wipes. The rebranded version is the worst! Smaller, drier, and smells toxic. The rebrand needs to be rebranded.
New product is awful. Smaller, thinner and have a smell to them. They made them cheaper and are now charging $3 more a big pack. Horrible.
These wipes were our absolute favorite wipes for our baby boys. Now they have gone to us telling our friends to not purchase them. This "new look" is awful. They have gone from amazing texture, pure ingredients, fresh smell to now awful texture, barely wet and NOT PURE ingredients. Makes no sense. The package looks like it is from the 50s. We thought that we got a box that was forgotten about in the storage from. These are awful. Water Wipes has absolutely lost our business. SO dissapointed. We now are on the search for a pure wipe quality wipe brand. We used to be loyal to this brand and now im saying this... Don't purchase! Complete waste of money. Never thought we would say it.
Loved these wipes so much! Packaging changes and so did the formula. They smell like a Clorox cleaning wipe and the quality is terrible. I am so disappointed! What a shame.
Fave. Never used anything else.
Loved these wipes, they must have changed the formula when they changed the packaging. The wipes smell like alcohol now, gave my child a rash.
I used to love these wipes for my baby and now the new formula is horrible. Not soft, smell weird and aren’t even wet
Since they re branded packaging wipes size has drastically been reduced! Pricing has not come down so I don’t see this as being fair! These wipes are very expensive and should not be reduced in size for this price!
These used to be the only wipes that never cause any sort of rash. The new formula and rough wipe gave my baby a red rash instantly. No longer will buy or recommend.
New formula, smells weird, DO NOT PURCHASE, no longer (PURE)!
These used to be the only wipes my child’s sensitive skin could tolerate. They recently made several changes to the wipes that cause them to be rough, smell chemically, and cause redness on my child. They are also almost impossible to get out of the package and very very dry. Cleaning after a soiled diaper is awful. 0 stars. We will be seeking alternative wipes.
I've Been Using These On My Sensitive Skin Baby For 2 Years. Suddenly The Product Has Changed And They Smell Like Rubbing Alcohol. I Will Not Be Purchasing These Anymore. Please Bring Back The old Product And Old Quality.
I thought I was the only one who thought these new wipes were horrible. New look, new horrible wipes. They smell like Clorox wipes, are rough and dry. I compared my old pack to this new one and it’s a disappointing realization that we have to look for a new brand of wipes.
So disappointed in the new changes . The wipes are rougher now , smaller , smell weird like chemicals and are impossible to get out . I have been buying these wipes for years am so sad they changed the product. Bring back the old product ! I won’t be purchasing again until they hopefully switch back. Lost a very loyal customer with these new changes.
Would give 0 stars if I could. I used to LOVE water wipes and they were the only wipes they worked on my daughter’s really sensitive skin. Please please please go back to the old formula! They are not as wet as they used to be (which means I have to use more wipes and wipe my daughters bottom more which causes redness and irritation) they smell like it’s another ingredient in it, like some type of perfume or something, and the wipes feel like they are smaller.
The new wipes are horrible. They are dry, stick together, are small in comparison to the old ones. Will have to find new wipes.
I use to love these wipeS, the price went up and they changed the quality now it’s lot thinner and more dry . What a Disappointment . Use to be nice and thick and super wet .
We love it. My daughter has super sensitive skin, she can only use this products
I think they are worth the extra money. When I use these vs other brands, my son gets fewer rashes and redness. They seem to have more moisture and are definitely non irritating.
The Water Wipes that come in the “new packaging” are also a totally new and different wipe (in a bad way. They’re smaller, thinner, drier and smell like alcohol. I though I might have gotten a bogus box of knockoffs but other people are saying the same thing in the reviews. I’ll be looking for a new brand.
I loved the old version of water wipes. Gentle, wet wipes that were very effective for my son’s sensitive skin. However the new version is not very good. Smaller wipes, dryer and they have a weird smell. And it’s now impossible to get only one wipe at a time. A real waste of money! I am now searching for other wipes that are just as sensitive but work better. I’ve had good luck with Seventh Generation and Honest wipes if anyone else is in the same position.
The new design smells and feels different than the orignial. Smells like alcohol added. Also price increased $3 a box.
I have been using them for a four years. I went to buy my big bill pack a week ago and the smell is so strong like alcohol rub. They have changed drastically. Will be returning them asap. I do not believe that there is only water and fruit extract in them now. No way.
HORRIFIC. They are smaller, drier and more difficult to work with than the old wipes. Why on earth did they change them.
I was expecting the “new look” to just be the packaging but they changed the product completely. They claim it’s not smaller but the shape is different. Whatever! It feels smaller, it’s super dry and the material is very cheap! Won’t purchase again unless they bring the original back. I can no longer justify the price we were paying for these before.
I came on here to see if other parents had noticed that these are completely different wipes. Looks like I’m not alone! I have used Water Wipes since having my babies for the past 2.5 years. These are awful now! Dry, small, hard to get out of packaging, weird smell, and irritate my daughters’ skin. I will not be purchasing these ever again. I absolutely loved Water Wipes, so this is very disappointing.
For the past year we've been devoted to using waterwipes for our son, but the last shipment was completely different from previous orderd. The wipes are now dry, smell weird, and much smaller than before. I won't be buying waterwipes any more.
My grandson has to use only fragrance free products. These wipes are fantastic fo any infant that has issues with skin sensitivity. I highly recommend them.
These used to be our favorite wipes for our little one but now they have changed the product and it is not a good change! The new ones are very dry, thin, and small. Very disappointed!!!
I’m with all of the recent reviews… the older ones were bigger and better!
These wipes have changed. They now smell like chemicals, are drier, rougher and maybe even smaller? I am so disappointed. The reason why I buy these is because I didn’t think they had chemicals. They smell terrible. I’ve been using these for years. Time to move on.
New packaging is nice but there is a strong scent that wasn’t there before. It almost has a chemical smell. I won’t be buying again.
Used to be the best wipes ever until the newest box I bought. They changed them and now they are awful. So dry, the wipes rip apart, and they smell like rubbing alcohol! Have been the only wipes I’ve bought for 2 years and now sadly I will be having to find a new brand.
I don’t know why they thought changing the quality of the wipes was a good idea! They’re horrible now. Not as wet as they used to be. Also seem way thinner than before. So sad they used to be my favorite
Changed the size, smell, and very dry! Does not seem 99% water whatsoever!
Disappointed in the new formula. The added chemical and smaller size is now forcing me to purchase something else. It’s a shame because I’ve been buying these for 4 years
These used to be amazing! Then they changed everything. They are now thin, rough, dry, and smell like chemicals. They claim the formula is the same, but the smell is so strong, it's concerning. They said they want to be environmentally friendly, which I understand. But I feel like they are going to accomplish that by alienating all their customers so that no one even uses their product anymore. Can't pollute the enviornment with Water Wipes if no one is even using them. I plan to change back to pampers sensitive. Hope they really consider changing back.
Perfect for sensitive skins!
So bummed how they’ve changed these wipes there significantly smaller and way less moist they feel almost like adult flushable wipes very very disappointing especially because the price hasn’t changed contemplating returning the box!
I came on here to see if anyone else besides me noticed they just changed this product and they are not only smaller wipes but feel different and are dryer!!!! I have used these for both my babies and was planning on using these on my one month old now but no longer!!! I paid more because they were worth it before but now I’m switching to pampers sensitive bc they’re cheaper and the same as these “new” ones! So sad! We loved water wipes!!!
I have previously loved this item but with the new packaging came new formulation and the driest wipes ever!!! They do not clean my baby’s bum the same at all I am so disappointed. Won’t repurchase until they go back to original formulation.
These are not the same!!! They are thin and horrible with a bad smell. They used to be the best wipes now I need to find something else and they have a lot of nerve charging the amount they do for this garbage
Have used these for years and loved the ORIGINAL variation, but the new formula is a 100% downgrade. The texture is much more rough, they are hardly moist, and they smell like a wet newspaper. Disappointing.
Not the same as before. Different smell. Much thinner. Not as wet. Disappointing water wipes changed their quality for the worse.
What is going on??? First it was the UP & UP water wipes and now these?? Really? I wish I would’ve stocked up a few weeks ago when they still had the old formula. How disappointing really.
Everything about these wipes are terrible and I’m so disappointed having spent my money on them. The old Water Wipes were so much better! These new ones are a lot smaller in size, they’re not as wet, they’re not as soft, and they smell chemically. I’ll be on the hunt to find better wipes now. SMH.
They updated the packaging, size and formula. It smells horrible, like bleach or chlorine like previous reviewers stated. Highly disappointed in the change.
New wipes are horrible they’re smaller & super dry with a bad smell literally cleaning my baby with tissue paper bring the old wipes back!
WHY? Why when you’ve got something amazing do you have to change it. The new wipes are not the same. They have a VERY noticeable scent. They smell and feel full of chemicals just like other wipes now. VERY disappointed. Been using these for over 3.5 years. Not sure what to do now.
New wipes… like everyone else said, are horrible to the old version. Rough, dry, the smell is strong, smaller…. All bad
New wipes have a terrible smell! Bring back the old kind!
New formula is terrible.
New Wipes are NOT the same as previous ones. I never like to write reviews, but I am writing this in hopes that this helps other families and hopefully the company makes a change. We have been purchasing these wipes for 2 years and these are not the same quality.
We use to love these until the quality changed. The wipe is now made from a different material. So dissatisfied
I am so sad. I’ve bought water wipes for years. They are the most expensive option on the shelf but the quality was worth the price. Great on sensitive skin. Not only do I use these on my child, but I use them every night to take off my makeup. They were large and very thick. An amazing product; Extremely good quality. Not anymore. The price and quantity has stayed the same but the product is definitely different. The package (and therefore the wipe) is smaller and the once thick, soft wipes are thin and scratchier. They’re not even as wet as the ones before. The ONLY difference between the feeling of this product and a cheaper option is that there is no scent. But you can buy cheaper scent free products so I’m not sure where Water Wipes thinks they’re superior from here on out. The product is not a bad product necessarily, but seeing the product get WORSE while paying the same - especially on a product marketed toward babies - is disheartening. Very, very disappointing.
Great wipes for sensitive babies. Too much water though. I always have to squeeze out water first before I use it on baby or else her bum will be too wet after her diaper change.
HORRIBLE NEW FORMULA!! I have used these for years! Why would you change the formula and the wipes?? They are dry and smell TERRIBLE!!! Lost a costumer for sure
So disappointed. Just bought nine boxes of these and they’ve changed the formula. They smell terrible like chemicals, they’re smaller, and they’re not wet like they used to be. Why would they change such a successful product. Now I have have nine boxes of useless wipes.
A bit pricier but very gentle for babies bottom. I prefer using this when my kids were Under 3 months old.
These used to be the only wipes we bought. I didn’t mind spending the money because the great quality and they were always super moist for quick clean up. Now they changed the formula and they are awful. Cheap and super dry. No longer spending the extra money on these.
Why change the formula of the wipes? The “new look” is dry and smells awful. Very similar to pampers pure smell and texture. Horrible. Now I have to find new wipes if the company doesn’t bring back the previous wipes.
So sad to see they changed the formula and sadly will not be purchasing these again. They feel rough and have a horrible scent!
These are the only wipes we use now! These are so moist and get my little one’s bum clean every time with the smallest quantity
So incredibly disappointed. These are the only wipes that we have used with our boys and we loved them. The most recent box in the new packaging is not the same wipe. Not only is the material different but it has a very strong chemical smell. Sadly, the company lost a very loyal customer. The smell is forcing us to switch brands.
They changed the product and it is no longer the same quality. They are not as soft and super dry. The old wipes were the best on the market and worth the money but not this new one. We have to go with a different brand now. I hope they’ll listen and change them back.
Absolutely loved these wipes, recently bought the big value box and they have changed both the wipes & formula. Wipes are now smaller, drier, and reek and awful smell. Will be purchasing pampers pure wipes going forward. These are no longer worth the hefty price tag.
I don’t typically write reviews but I am beyond disappointed with new formula of these wipes. It’s a huge change that as a consumer I refuse to buy. The new wipes are smaller, drier, thinner, chemical smell and rough in texture. Then the price has increased by $3. Please bring back the old formula. These are horrible and I will not buy again for my child.
So so so disappointed in this company. Finally found a wonderful wipe for my baby and then they go ahead and decide to change something that isn't broken. They're now: smaller in dimensions but same price, thinner, rougher, strong chemical smell, and dry in comparison to old wipes. All their social media pages claim that the only difference is the wipes are now made with 100% viscose to be more green. But if you've been using the product this can't be further from the truth. Everything about them has changed! Lost a customer in me, and looks like majority of others feel the same.
Wow these were my favorite wipes, they didn't just change the packaging they are so dry now! We have been using these wipes for 2 years now and now they are garbage, Kirkland wipes are more moist than these now!
Water wipes have always been very damp without harsh ingredients. The new formula smells like chemicals and they are so so dry. Done with this brand unless they revert back to the original formula.
The truth is that they are no longer the same as the other presentation these new ones are super bad quality
i have no problems with my baby
We can’t use them anymore. They did more than change the package and the new version is absolutely awful. I will never buy it again unless the company corrects this issue.
Used to be my favorite wipes. Just got a box of the new formula. They smell strong like chemicals
Changed product completely. It's not the same at all. So dry.
New Formulation Is Horrible! Do Not Buy These!
Terrible Wipes Now!! They Are Now Super Dry And Do Not Last At All.
The updated version smells like chemicals, it’s awful. The smell lingers on my baby all day through her diaper. I loved the older version. Hope they bring them back
The size and quality of the wipe has changed. They’re much smaller and dryer with a rougher texture. I’ve used these wipes for last 4 years, but now I’m considering other brands.
The company claims to have only changed the “look” but these new wipes are so rough and dry. My daughter has eczema and after months, lots of rashes, and many different types of wipes, we finally found water wipes. They were a God sent for a year, until they changed everything about them this year. They recently increased their prices by $3, which was worth it to me considering these wipes are the only ones that don’t cause her bottom to crack, blister and bleed, but all of that has been thrown out the window with this change. I’m praying that I can find something else that won’t cause her diaper rashes to come back as we ease our way into potty training. But we definitely won’t be using these anymore and I can’t return to target since they’ve already been opened so quite literally throwing $46 in the garbage.
The new design package smells like alcohol mixed with water!! Very smiley…bring back the old design and quality
Unfortunately these wipes have fallen to “shrinkflation”. They are now rougher, smaller and overall cheaper. Incredibly disappointed in this brand. We need these pure wipes so we have no choice to put up with it. However downgrading quality baby product for higher profit is absolutely horrible. Congrats on being a part of the problem. -an upset mama
Used these for years with both children. It’s all we use. Unfortunately the price is going up but great product. I don’t like the idea of smearing chemicals across a newborns bottom. I’m thankful these are an option!
The new formulation is awful!
The best wipes! No chemical smell and extremely moist wipes! I’m not sure what the other reviews are about. Will continue to buy them.
I’ve been religiously buying these for over a year and they changed the formula. Now it’s like thick paper towel and dry. Used to be so moist and my favorite. Why change a good thing? Returning for the first time ever. :(
Smaller in size, cheaper material, dryer (less moisture), chemical smell, and same price. 2022 not looking great for water wipes and many companies taking the cheap route. First Honest diapers, now water wipes… sad sad. Thankful I have a toddler and won’t need these anymore.
They change there formula to the wipes, very dissatisfied with the quality. the packaging and wipe feels more cheap, but the price is still the same.
These are my favorite much more wet and soft than the Pampers ones I was using for years.
I decided to trust because they contain mainly water (only two ingredients) and was currently battling a diaper rash. In about two days I could notice no redness on my babies skin because they are so gentle. I’m so happy with the product and so glad I went for the Mega Value Box. Go big or go home I guess.
These baby wipes are the absolute best around. They are thick and absorbing and soft. They have the perfect amount of wetness. The wipes can be used from everything to cleaning up after using the bathroom to removing makeup — and yes, of course on little ones!
I wish they were cheaper but I only buy water wipes, they never make my girl break out and help with diaper rash
I don’t know what’s the hype over these wipes. They’re just regular plain wipes and nothing great about them. They are definitely not the softest and they are extremely expensive for a very small amount. The target brand is better and a lot cheaper, Or if you want something a little bit better quality Huggies is the way to go.
Why change a perfect thing! These wipes used to be soft and the material used to be stronger.. now they just look and feel like the hand wipes you get at a BBQ restaurant. So annoying! Now it takes double the wipes for a poop diaper. Switching to Honest or Pampers Aqua Pure.
There’s something wrong with the most recent box I bought. They have a potent chemical, chlorine smell. It’s disgusting. I’ve been buying these for 5 years and never have I smelled this.
Simply the best wipes out there.
Please bring back old version not the same and I little more pricey
First review ever on Target. New formula, not new look. Like other users have claimed- new rough material, smaller than the previous and it smells like watered down chlorine. We’ve been using these wipes for 4 years.. WHY change a great thing?!?! Highly disappointed.. I’m returning for the first time.
They Complety Changed These Wipes. The Size, The Quality And The Ingredients.
Only wipes that don’t irritate my child’s skin
These used to be my favorite wipes...until they changed the material of the wipe. They used to be the moistest wipes and never dried out and now they feel very dry and not soft at all. What a waste of money, especially since they are so dang expensive
They’ve completely changed these wipes. They feel exactly like every other wipe on the market now. I compared the new version of the wipes to the older version and I’m thoroughly disappointed. They tear extremely easy now and are significant smaller. The price isn’t worth it for the quality now. I’ll be going back to Huggies wipes.
No diaper rashes since switching to these water wipes. Wish I’d use these since she was born!
Love the brand, it’s the only diapers we use. Just a heads up, don’t buy the 4 pack “value” pack, it’s .33 more expensive than buying 4 sold individually. The other value packs are still a deal!
Although the formula claims to be the same, there has definitely been a change because they smell terrible. Like actual cleaning wipes, not baby wipes. Also the wipes used to be 80% polyester, 20% plant based, but now they are 100% plant based and biodegradable, which may be better for the planet but not for baby’s bottom. I will never buy them again.
Used to love these wipes and It’s all I’ve bought for the past 2.5 years since my baby was born despite the higher price compared to other wipes…the last ones I bought came in a different box.. their new look comes with a new size also.. they’re smaller!! There’s a stronger smell to them also. I don’t know why they decided to make the change but I think pampers pure will be my next purchase.
These wipes have been my go to for several months now, since my baby developed eczema & these are the only wipes that have been gentle enough on her bottom. Although, the price is hefty, I’ve always thought they were worth it. I just bought another of the largest box available & to my surprise they have changed. The wipes are now biodegradable, which is great for the planet & I’m all about that, but my concern is that immediately, the texture of the wipes are different, the original were so sturdy & gently & now they don’t feel as sturdy or as gentle. They tear so easily & are so thin. The new ones are also noticeable smaller. & I’m very disappointed that just holding them in my hands I could tell that these new ones are not as moist as the original. The company claims the quality hasn’t been affected but I’m not so sure. I hope they work just as great as before because these were truly my favorite & I was willing to pay the price. Now, just based on my first impression, I’m not so sure. They feel like another biodegradable wipe on the market that I dislike because they don’t have enough moisture. As you can see in the picture, you can clearly see the difference of how moist the original ones were vs these new ones. Bummer.
Perfect wipes. Gentle and gets the job done
Very gentle on my baby skin
Great for diaper rashes , gentle on the skin.
These wipes are the best! My baby is 15 months old and we’ve been using these since birth and she’s never had a diaper rash, so gentle and completely scent free, no chemicals, perfect for sensitive skin. I wish they were around when my older kids were babies!
I paid $14.99 a couple of weeks ago. Now they’re $16.29. No thanks moving on to different brand.
These are the best especially if your baby is having an allergic reaction to other wipes.
I had used almost all brands of wipes on the shelves. At first I hesitated on buying these wipes because of the pricing. But decided to give it a try. My daughter has very sensitive skin so it was a hit and miss when it came to these kind of stuff. These did amazing on her. High recommend.
Expensive but great for babies and toddlers with sensitive skin. I have tried other brand name wipes and found many of them to be soapy and dry. I know the name is water wipes but the amount of actual liquid is a great help cleaning bottoms aswell as faces
The babe's bum never gets irritated from these wipes!
Even though they’re pricier, i won’t use anything else now. I had a baby in December and was using pampers & other non scented and was having a problem with a rash he kept getting. Once his rash had cleared up i had switched to these, & he hasn’t had a problem since. I haven’t even used or had to apply Vaseline/diaper ointment either between diaper change since too Sometimes I’ll use just to wipe down his face/hair and even my face too
The absolute best! I use this for cleaning my designer bags and wiping my dirty hands etc
I don’t use any other wipes. These are the best. They’re so gentle on their sensitive bottoms.
They work well! And not overly wet but never too dry either
These are the best wipes! Most wipes are dry compared to these. I love that these are truly wet, but not too wet, and they don’t have any unnecessary chemicals or fragrance.
My baby has super sensitive skin and these are the only wipes that don’t irritate him. We love them!
Nice, thick, sensitive skin approved!!! The whole family uses them!
Ridiculously expensive but so worth it. Any other wipe brand on the market has garbage ingredients even if they say “pure” or “natural” on them!! These are the best you can get if you’re using disposable wipes. We switched to cloth wipes and use purified water now but these were the only thing I would let near my baby before we made the switch.
These have been the best wipes for my child he has sensitive skin like me and they work great. I’m trying the more natural path of choices could be more friendly package wise but still good. I tried some other wipes but not a fan. Water wipes don’t irritate the skin and I usually only need one wipe to get the stinky mess cleaned which is nice. Occasionally some issues getting one wipe out at a time but I just separate and put back and no issues so far with wipes drying out with the type of sticky flap closing so that’s good. Nice.
Perfect For Sensitive Newborn Skin. Packaging Is Frustrating And Poorly Designed, We Place The Wipes In An Empty Huggies Plastic Container To Remedy This Issue.
Absolutely Love This Product And So Grateful For It. Being A Mother Of Five, You Leanr Not Every Child Is The Same Even When It Comes To Allergies To Products. Daughter Has Sensitivity To Certain Brands And This So Far Has Been The Best Optoin For Us
Only wipe brand I trust! Minimal ingredients that have never caused a reaction for our sensitive skin.
These wipes are our go to after name brand sensitive wipes kept causing a chemical burn rash on baby’s bottom. They work well and he has not had an issue since we switched to these. Only draw back is the price.
Literally the WORST BABY WIPES EVER!! They refuse to come out of the package, when you finally get a wipe to come out it is a folded up CHUNK of wipes. Also, they do not work well to clean #2 diapers! You basically have to use half a pack to get your baby clean. I will only use these to clean my Louis Vuitton bags other than that, completely useless.
For reasons where you may need just water wipes, then yes get these. I.e. baby yeast infections etc. Otherwise, there is literally no gripping power for messy poops, I have to wipe multiple times in the same spot, and they never ever come out neatly!!!
I use these as wipes and I’m not a baby. Feel fresher in the private areas after using or I use them to remove my makeup. Love that they don’t smell like baby and I can wipe anything without fragrance and feel clean. Quality wipe that doesn’t tear when using and is a good size. Love that the sticky seal stays closed and sticky after opened and multiple uses. Better than other wipes.
Im Here For The Ingredients. Yes The Packaging Is Subpar However The Other Brands That Are Trying To Follow In This Brands Footsteps Don't Come Close. They Claim 99% Water And Their 1% Is All Chemicals. Not This This Brand Their 1% Is Grapefruit Extract. So Pricey Yeah But Its The Best For My Baby And I Even Use Themself.
Ordered this for pickup, opened a wipe pack and it smelled really sour, so I opened a couple more, and they all smell sour. Will be returning.
Love the wipes, they work great. Just wish the price was lower.
Mainly Water Used As Feminine Wipes. You Get The Point.
Have used these when child had sensitivities to other wipes. They work great, but are spendy and can only be kept for 30 days after opening since they don’t have preservatives. However, worth the extra price to keep baby’s skin healthy
These worked out perfect for my baby with eczema , very pure no scents
Listen to what I’m saying to you: do not get these wipes. I hated them. And I went all in with two mega boxes and made myself finish [most] of them before getting my usual brand. I had heard great things so I didn’t hesitate when my usual choice was out of stock. But please, hesitate! My husband and I complained constantly about them. The wipes themselves are ok, they’re relatively small and yes just water, so they didn’t irritate our babies’ sensitive skin. That’s why it’s getting any stars from me. They didn’t wipe as smoothly but .... maybe I am just spoiled. But the packaging! Come on y’all! There is no inner tab to separate wipes so like a handful would come out at once - waste! I started having to use my foot like a mama chimp to hold the pack down while I tried to yank a wipe out and then a whole slew of them would come flying out. Absolute garbage design. Because THEN, that shoddy little plastic covering got poop on it allllll the time when I was cleaning up a blow out. It was gross. These wipes are way too expensive to have such a poor design. I am clearly not a fan. Goodbye WaterWipes.
I've used on both my daughter's since birth and they're now 3 and 1. neither one of them have ever had diaper rash. I'll never use a different brand. other wipes contain so many chemicals! these contain only water and grapefruit oil
I love how gentle and pure these wipes are! They aren’t as thick or as soft as some other wipes out there, but they work well.
These are great for cleaning baby after a diaper change but also for other purposes! You can use these to clean the face from spit up as well as clean cuts! I love having these in my diaper bag to help with these purposes. Just wish they were more affordable!
No fragrance and chemicals. They do seem to dry out a little quickly but will still be wipe of choice due to naturalness
i’m a daycare teacher and i change plenty of diapers and wipes daily. i’ve used just about every brand there is when it comes to baby wipes and these are hands down the best wipes i’ve ever used!
Wish I discovered these wipes with my first child! Daughter had diaper rash and once I switched to these wipes - it resolved so quickly. No smell, soft and not harsh on baby’s booty or mom’s hands. Plus easy to pull each wipe out of pack. Highly recommend.
Only wipes I’ve used on my 2 year old since birth. My kids have super sensitive skin so I know when I had my daughter I’d need sensitive wipes but even pampers broke her out. We luckily found these and now buy them religiously. Perfect for little ones when they have diaper rashes also!
WaterWipes are the moistest baby wipes so they’re great for newborn poopy diapers. I read some reviews about potentially tampered items from the popular online retailer, so I prefer buying these from Target. Stock up when there are extra gift card Circle offers.
These wipes are the only wipes we use for our baby because she has such sensitive skin. We tried the sensitive pampers wipes and she still broke out with those. The only downside is that the top wipes are not as wet if you do not flip them over ahead of time so that the water drains down. The box tells you to do that but it’s very easy to forget.
I’ve been using these since my son was a newborn and I’ve always loved them! My son never gets diaper rashes with these and he’s 2. I will keep using with him until he has no more diapers.
Really nice job cleaning, sturdy. Just a little expensive compared to other wipes
best I've found so pure and gentle on the tookie safe enough for the face
I love these wipes for my baby. They’re always moist and never too dry and irritating. The ingredients are clean enough i feel confident using them to wipe my baby’s face. They don’t have a strong smell or anything unfavorable. Favorite wipe! Slightly expensive in my opinion but worth the price.
Best wet wipes to purchase.
These are the best wipes ever and I feel like other wipes don’t even compare. These are super wet so you don’t need as many to clean up a dirty diaper. They are also gentle and I love them for my newborn baby. The only thing I would change would be that I wish this had a better lid like Huggies.
Used these for ourselves before babe and use them for everyone now! Love the minimal ingredients and no fragrance. There are no weird ingredients or chemicals, which is huge for us, you don’t need to have sensitive skin or allergies to use a ‘clean’ product like this. Highly recommend for all butts!
works well for my son who is sensitive to wipes.
Best all purpose wipes! I used them for the baby booty! When she is eating to wipe up any mess or her face! They are super moist and free from any chemicals. They cost much more then other cheap brands but its totally worth the money because i felt like i went through more of the cheap ones then these! Since they are super wet they clean up very well with just one or two wipes! Love them
the price is a little much but these wipes are amazing! I literally don't want to buy any other kind!
I use these for hands and face for baby after our messy feedings with solid foods. I give 4 stars because the price is outrageous for what they really are.
THE BEST BABY WIPES. I’ve only used water wipes since my first son was born 3 years ago. I tried another brand and my it gave my son a butt rash… no thanks I’ll never switch wipes.
It has no perfume in it so it’s great on baby’s skin. You can use it to clean baby or baby’s toys or anything else without worrying about harsh chemicals.
These are the only wipes my daughter can use due to her sensitive skin. Other wipes had her bottom literally getting raw and red. These are a life saver and I also use them to remove my makeup.
Not sure what happened with this batch but these are not nearly as good as what I’ve previously purchased. They are normally very thick and moist but these are thin like gauze so they do not hold much liquid. As expensive as these are I wish there were no bad batches. Hopefully this product has not been changed permanently. I am 100% disappointed.
These wipes are the best - they’re not just for babies! I love how they’re not greasy and there’s only 2 ingredients so you know they’re not bad for your skin.
Great for sensitive bottoms
These water wipes come in handy for a quick baby clean up when on the go…and at home. Gentle and non-irritating.
These are by far my favorite wipes I have tried but they’re just too expensive. If you have the extra money I think they truly work the best, but for people who can’t spend this much it’s just not worth it.
these by far the best wipes. i have used them for both of my kids and highly recommend them. they are pretty saturated with water and have not give a rash to the very sensitive skin that both of my babies have. i have used them to clean the dirty faces, blow runny noses, etc.
I love how these wipes really only have two ingredients: water and fruit extract. My 8 month old recently developed sensitive skin and these work great! After seeing what ingredients regular baby wipes contain, you won’t want to go back after using these for your little one. They’re soft, each wipe is wet and is not so dried out like other wipes, and gentle for baby.
These wipes are the best wipes around! Never go dry even if you leave them in a 100 degree car!
I hate these wipes. I wish I didn’t have to buy them, but they’re the only ones that don’t make my daughter break out in a rash. But I hate them. They’re already expensive, and you have to use a million of them to wipe up a #2. They’re so horribly annoying to get out of the bag, and if you do get one out with one hand you have to unfold the whole wipe. For as much as they cost they could at least attach a hard top that opens the wipes. So if your kid doesn’t absolutely need these, go with pampers.
Best! These are the only wipes that did not irritate my daughters bum.
because my daughter got a horrible rash at almost 3yo. Huggies changed their wipes packaging recently. I am thinking maybe they changed their formula as well?? Because as soon as we used those she got a horrible rash. These are nice but they are expensive.
My 18-month-old grandson has never had one diaper rash these are the only wipes that we use along with pampers we were given a gift as a huge charge of diaper rash cream never touched it love love these water wipes the best ever￼
We love these wipes, just make sure to dry baby well to avoid rash since these hold a lot of moisture! They clean very well.
Simple ingredients, good quality, and no rashes on baby. The packaging is a little finicky— sometimes more than one wipe comes out at once. That can be remedied by putting a hair tie or similarly sized rubber band around the package near the seal. (Tell me you follow Karrie Locher on Instagram without telling me you follow Karrie Locher on Instagram).
I like them, I used them for my daughter to clean her nose
These are the only wipes we use for my 1 and 3 year old. I also use them for my face as well!
My 2 month old has extremely sensitive skin, so diaper rashes are always an issue. We tried so many creams, wipes, diapers and nothing helped. until we found this! Her skin has been so clear since we've started using these. Love them!
As a woman, I really appreciate water wipes. It takes care of the job in just 1-2 wipes. Very durable and so wet. I am thoroughly impressed and will continue to use these as a staple during my menstrual cycle and in general. Keep these in your purse ladies. You will feel/be SO CLEAN. I wish they were flushable!
Love that there are no chemicals.. Use these for everyone in the family. For faces & hands. Our two very sensitive skin, eczema prone children never have had a problem with these wipes.
Been using them with my 3 month old baby and love them
My daughter have very sensitive skin and these are great for her!
It’s the BEST wipes ever…it feels so fresh, NOT sticky at all…love it
great and safe wipes.
Clean, scentless, durable and gentle. Love em!
Very soft and our baby loves them!
One of the only clean wipes out there. I wish they were more affordable but you can’t put a price on keeping your baby away from the harmful toxins and chemicals found in most wipes.
Water wipes are great and all natural. My daughter has bad eczema and this never breaks her out
Gets the baby’s bottom very clean, and scent-free means no weird perfumey smells! Lots of moisture in the wipe means it’s easy to clean big messes, too.
The convenience of wipes without an allergy rash is great.
Best for sensitive skin!
These are the best to use when your children have severe diaper rash. They are non irritating and gentle!
I like that they’re soft and have no harsh ingredients. It is a bit pricey, so I save them for when my kid gets a diaper rash or the beginnings of one
Best wipes hands down. Very moist and don’t dry up fast. Helps avoid diaper rashes. Almost like cleaning their bottoms with literal water.
I love these!! I always used pampers sensitive, but my baby has a rash and they stung, so I tried these. A pack of of water wipes lasts forever. They are more wet. You can use 1 as compared to 3-4 of other wipes. They are thick & soft as well and do not sting diaper rash at all. I really wish I had discovered these for my first 2 children. The only thing I would change is adding a pop top, but they stay wet without it so not a huge deal.
Wipes are always just the right amount of wet and it takes fewer wipes to get the job done. I never have to be afraid of chemicals whenever I catch a wipe in baby’s mouth.
Thank goodness we had sample packs of these when my newborn suddenly developed a diaper rash. These are perfect and I plan to use them from now on! They are very wet and I only ever need to use one. I often use a dry wash cloth afterwards. This helps me follow the pediatricians advice to wash her bum with water and dry to treat and avoid diaper rash. Great natural product!
I will never buy any other wet wipes. These don’t leave behind little balls of material on my twins. They’ve never had a reaction to them and the ingredients are so clearly the best choice to me. I buy the big box every time and it’s worth every penny.
I love these wipes, not for the price but mainly for the ingredients. Only 2 things in these wipes which are water and grapefruit seed extract. The original wipe is perfect for newborns, the car, or on the go. The textured wipes are great for older babies/toddlers and tougher messes. The packaging is awesome and really stands the test of time without puncturing, ripping, or leaking. I’ve had a pack in our baby bag for quite a few months and they haven’t dried out even though the package is really beat up. Spending the extra money means I don’t end up with dry wipes or punctured packages. And the natural ingredients put my mind at ease when I have to use them in such gentle areas. Definitely give them a try, or the textured ones if you want more grip.
These are my favorite wipes just wish they had a more trace friendly version like other wipes. These have the least amount of chemicals (only 2 ingredients), they are very moist and gentle. I use them in my wipe warmer. No bacteria grows in them but it can in a wipe warmer if left unused for a long time. I use them daily though.
Will recommend to family and friends!
I was looking for an alternative that was effective with fewer ingredients and was very pleasantly surprised with the great results. I will be switching to these wipes! They work great and I love them!
Best water wipes for babies and delivery was fast too!!
love love these wipes. best wipes for baby's bottoms
Helped get rid of my daughters diaper rash! So soft and gentle.
My favorites wipes of all time!
As natural, clean, and gentle as it gets. The only disposable wipe that never irritated my LO.
Very thick and never dried out. I prefer these over huggies and pampers. Almost the quality like a wet paper towel but way thicker. Definitely won’t rip!
These wipes are great, I can use to wipe my baby and on her body and face, they are very gentle to the skin.
We started using these wipes due to severely sensitive skin and they definitely didn’t disappoint. These are the only wipes my daughter uses. Wish they were a little more affordable though.
These wipes are perfect for my baby’s sensitive skin
Great for camping and after lunchtime workouts at the office when a shower is not available. Doesn’t leave a sticky feeling or weird scent.
Switched to these since our baby was getting rashes from pampers pure! These have been amazing and no rash since using them. Our doctor recommended trying these, which is how we heard about them.
We love these wipes! Definitely our favorite. A little pricey but they work well and I like the ingredients.
simple, pure ingredients
Best chemical and fragrance free wipes on the market!
My favorite other than honest
Love that these wipes have less chemicals and funky ingredients than other name brands. We have used them over the years when our littles have diaper rash to prevent further irritation and have always been pleased. I deducted one star because the packaging sometimes is difficult to get sealed back up leading to some drying.
They've been great for baby, who has had almost no diaper rash/irritation issues. Package seals up nicely to keep the wipes damp. They do the job they're meant for
Have used these for a while. Perfect.
I absolutely love wet wipes. They clean so well with just a few. No harsh chemicals. My LO’s have sensitive skin and this will always be my go to. I’ll definitely recommend these to every mom
These are the only wipes that don’t irritate my sensitive baby’s bum!
Love water wipes they are big and able to wipe anything and everything !
Wipes always stay moist, never dry out and don’t irritate my baby’s sensitive skin
BEST WIPES FOR SENSATIVE SKIN
We live water wipes. Simple, always moist, a d always gentle on our baby’s bum!
These wipes came highly recommended. I think they are the best wipes hands down. We don’t have issues with diaper rash and they don’t dry up. I recommend them to all of ours. Especially for those using regular wipes and deal with diaper rash! These help 100%!!
I absolutely love these wipes because I use them for my daughter but because it’s mostly just water I also use it for tattooing to wipe areas while tattooing.
My LO had a bad butt rash and dr recommended using these and of course the new diaper ointment but these wipes did not irritate her like the pampers brand sensitive non fragrance wipes during this time. I absolutely loved these, they were gentle/soft and saturated, and did the job well.
Good wipes for sensitive skin. Very gentle on baby
These are the only wipes that I can use on my children without irritation. I am able to use them on their faces when other wipes cause redness on their cheeks and chin. My only complaint is that they stick together and can be hard to get out of the package sometimes, which can be a real problem if you are mid diaper change and dealing with a mess. I just pull out however many I think I will need beforehand now. I also can’t totally trust the packages to not leak water out when tossed into a diaper bag. Packaging could use improvement but they work great!!
Love using these between baths to keep my baby clean. They are great for her sensitive skin
I have been using these on my baby for just over a year. I love that they are scent-free and gentle on baby.
Simple and clean which is what I was looking for- so many uses!!!
There are always super moist and it doesn’t hurt my baby’s sensitive skin.
These are the best wipes! I tried using a different brand that was labeled for sensitive skin/newborns and my newborn got a diaper rash that would not go away despite using diaper cream. I remember my hospital carrying WaterWipes from my delivery and decided to buy a few boxes. The rash quickly went away and has not returned. Although they are more expensive than other brands, I noticed I need fewer wipes so they last longer.
Gentle for a newborn baby
We use these wipes exclusively. They are great for when baby has a terrible diaper rash, cleans a face, and is never dry.
These wipes are easy to use. They are not dry like other brands. They smell so clean I feel confident when I use them on my baby’s skin.
These are a must for newborns. They are soft on babies sensitive skin. These wipes are very wet which helps clean very well.
We love these wipes. Although, once you get to about half of each pack, the wipes are super wet and cold. I usually ring them out. All in all, they’re great because they’re gentle while being effective at getting the booty clean.
i use these to clean pacifiers and my baby’s face when it’s dirty. I like them. Some say they are dry but the back of the packaging says to turn them over and squeeze .
Great wipes. Definitely our favorite for our babies sensitive skin. The only negative is they are so expensive.
Needed this due to my daughter having horrible reaction to the up&up target brand wipes. These are wonderful and gentle on her skin.
These wipes are so gentle and soft. I love that they are made of pure ingredients & can use them to wipe my baby’s hands, face and neck in-between bath days. The only downside is they don’t separate very well when you pull them out but I recently learned a “hack” to get them to come out one-by-one: put a rubber band around one side of the pack next to the opening & it will help them come out individually!
These wipes are just the right amount of wet and perfect thickness! Love that they don’t smell and clean effectively without chemicals on my baby’s skin.
My baby has sensitive skin and these are very gentle on her skin.
These are my FAVORITE wipes! They work well, even when stools are dry. They are also great on sensitive skin, since the wipes are very wet
These are the best wipes! I use them on my stoma because they are gentle, sturdy, have no scent and they don’t cause any irritation to the sensitive skin around it. They are a life saver!!!
These wipes are an excellent choice for the money. Very wet and soft. I use them for myself because I have very sensitive skin. I highly recommend.
My baby was having multiple skin issues. Finally saw a dermatologist, and he suggested getting wipes with the fewest amount of ingredients. One day from switching from the other brands to water wipes, my baby's skin cleared up. The wipes get the job done, cleaning the bum in only one wipe.
Nice & simple clean wipes! Smells nice too
My newborn had terrible diaper rash at two weeks old, we tried all the gentle wipes and cream, until we finally found these. Apparently other wipes can leave a residue that can irritate bottoms (my first two kids never had an issue so we had no clue), these did the trick. They are pricy but worth it for sensitive newborn bums.
A wipe you can feel good about. Dermatologists & pediatricians will tell you that baby wipes can lead to skin irritations and diaper rash... but these wipes are the exception. Have been using for 3.5+ years (2 kiddos) and no skin issues! Only downside is that they down separate as easily as the brands that have all the additives, but worth the trade for a healthy baby tush!
I like that they don’t dry out in my wipe warmer! Love these.
My favorite way to buy Water Wipes. The 12 pack lasts my baby a long time so we are purchasing way less frequently. Great money saver. Just be sure to check for mold on all packages. I’ve had a few before from here that were broken open and had mold because of the lack of chemicals in the wipes. Target was great about exchanging though as they always are! These wipes also don’t irritate my baby’s sensitive bottom
Next best thing to just running baby's bum under the sink!
These wipes are great for children with sensitive skin. My kids both have a bunch of allergies and these are the only wipes I have found where they do not break out. These wipes also stay moist a lot better than normal wipes that feel sort of dry after a while.
Okay, I’ll admit Im not a fan of the packaging and sometimes you get more than one at a time. BUT with that being said...they could come crumbed up in a tin can and I’ll still say they are the best wipes ever! Because they smell good? No! Because they have fancy packaging? No! It’s because they are good for absolutely EVERYTHING under the sun! And no adverse reactions like a diaper rash! I used other wipes with half my children and they got diaper rashes. I’ve used water wipes with the other half and never one rash! We use these for everything! We have a pack in at least 10 places at all times! One on the back of each toilet. Everyone can get fresh after number 1 or 2 with no funky scents...just clean! One in each vehicle...great for cleaning any surface in the vehicle and for hands and face after eating in the car. Of course they are in the diaper bag. And a pack on the kitchen table if you have a kid who can’t handle sticky hands and you don’t want them getting up from the kitchen table every 3 seconds. They are great for cleaning your whole body when camping or refreshing your face...again no funky smells just a nice clean face. When we go out to eat I take them with to “clean” the table. The list just goes on and on. My husband always jokes around about owning stock in WaterWipes. I’m not rich but these are worth every penny!
I love these water wipes. They are great for keeping your bum clean after a poo
My son had eczema and sensitivity to a lot of diapers and wipes to the point we were using paper towels and water when he was little and restricting what soaps he could use at home and later at school. When it wasn't an option we could only use 1 or 2 of some wipes before irritation would occur. The Unscented Water Wipes have never irritated his skin. We've actually also used them without issues for a cat that had G.I. issues and occasionally needed help cleaning being a senior with thick medium-to-long fur.
We had issues with our 1 year old getting diaper rash really really easily and super irritated. Our doc recommended these wipes. A HUGE difference within using just one pack! She has not had one case of diaper rash since switching. Her skin looks so much better and we will never go back. We have another daughter due in May and she will be using these wipes as well!! I recommend these to everyone!!
I have used a handful of different wipes- these are just okay. I feel like they don’t slide easily!
Great on baby’s sensitive skin and helped reduce diaper rash but they don’t pull out of the container very well.
These are the only wipes I'll use. I've tried them all No rashes .. you can even run them in the washer and reuse if you cloth diaper
Best wipes EVER! These are great to use on anything and I wouldn’t trust anything else on my little one.
Good for cleaning hands on the go during the pandemic. My doctor recommended these to me due to my severely dry skin! I use these also on the go for my tablet and phone. Not the best choice, but it works. Super great product between bathing as well. On the day with out a shower these are great.
Best product EVER. Not only are they gentle on my baby, they are multipurpose! I use them to wipe the leather in my truck too! Love water wipes. I get them by the case monthly!
Love how wet the wipes are and how they wet to the last wipe. Also a plus that there aren’t a ton of chemicals and fragrances like other wipes.
My baby has very sensitive skin and these work so well for him. The other name brand wipes would cause him to break out, but these work wonders!!
I love these, just wish they were cheaper. Package stays fresh without closing and no irritation.
Love these wipes. No residue, no overpowering scents.
No chemicals which is good.
Great quality wipe and the package makes it easy to pull wipes out.
Gentle for sensitive bottoms.
Best wipes on the market. Great for sensitive baby bums.
Baby is clean and happy free-rash. Previously using other brand and omg poor baby.
These are great wipes very moist and super gentle on my babies skin no allergic reactions . Only problem is they are very expensive. And I go through a pack super fast.
Sometimes the wipes are difficult to pull out of the packing...it’s hard to find the edge. Usually occurs more towards the end of the stack. Great, non-toxic wipes, no scent, no residue and does not fall apart.
We love these wipes!! They are pretty expensive. Especially compared to other brands but they work really great. I only use these on my newborns. If they were more affordable, I wouldn’t use any other brand!
These wipes are fantastic. Both our boys have super sensitive skin, these work perfectly for our boys. Once we found these we’ve never used any other wipes.
I love these wipes! I’ve tried different ones and these are the best so far. Second, is the honest brand wipes.
If your baby got a diaper rash these wipes are for your baby! I love that it soothes them and it’s like it cures the rash for them. It’s worth every penny!
The packaging is terrible, they dry out super fast and are very very thin. You have to use 5-6 to get your baby clean.
My baby has eczema so these feel safer to use on his face
These are a life saver. These clean up any mess and they are wet which I really love where other brand wipes feel dry.
Perfect to clean up messes on my baby’s skin. Even gentle enough for her face. I use these daily after messy meals.
We’ve tried several different baby wipe brands over the past 5 years, and we always come back to these. These are the only ones we’ve tried that are moist enough to get the job done and don’t have a strong scent. We’re definitely sticking with WaterWipes for Baby #3!
Soft and perfect for sensitive skin! Been using these since day 1 on my baby. I used to use the Kirkland brand wipes on all of other kiddos, and in comparison these water wipes are a bit “wetter” and not as stretchy. But they are thick and soft. I switched because I wanted something with less chemicals. I’m happy with these and the price is definitely worth it. They are about $3.50 a pack when you buy it in the largest box. I still have 2 brand new packs from the 12ct box I bought before my daughter was born!... she’s 3 months old now. So needless to say, they last!!
These wipes are pretty awesome, my little one has super sensitive skin and ended up with some pretty bad diaper rash over night. She would flinch and cry when I would wipe her with her usual wipes (that has citric acid in them) so I ordered these because they were the most sensitive. These are my go to if she gets a little red and sensitive.
Loves these wipes! My baby’s skin is super sensitive and these wipes are extremely gentle. Highly recommend, they are worth the high price tag.
These are our favorite wipes for years now!
These are worth it. They are the only wipes that are okay for our 2 year old with sensitive skin. Actual WET wipes too! Other brands that I’ve used in the past don’t compare.
Best wipes on the market for babies and toddlers with sensitive skin! Yes, they are more expensive but worth every penny!
My grand babies both have an insane diaper rash. The doctor recommended these water wipes. They seem soothing on a sore bum
We love the wipes they do not give my daughter a rash like the Huggies and pamper ones due. They are a bit expensive but in my opinion they are worth it. I would recommend them.
I’ve used these wipes with all three of my kids and they are great. I scented pure and clean. I feel confident in using these on my kids starting from the day I bring them home from the hospital.
Perfect for my little girl’s sensitive skin.
We love these wipes in our household. Gentle on baby and can easily be pulled out for a quick wipe down after a meal. I love how gentle it is in formula and feel.
My favorite baby wipes ever! I have tried Hello Bello & Abby & Finn, and these are still my favorite. The perfect dampness & softness - & there's no noticeable scent like others that claim to be unscented have.
We have been using this since my son was a baby and still using it now, he is now almost 4. Good for anything - face, hands, wiping anything. Highly recommend this wipes over any other brand.
The best wipes on the market with no harsh chemicals yet very effective and gentle on the skin.
Not worth the price. These are the worst. The wipes are folded so every time it’s time to change the diaper one hand is busy holding baby’s leg and trying to pull the wipes used other hand and also need to try and unfold it, which is very annoying. The wipes itself do not clean good enough with single wipe. Do not recommend.
We bought these when our baby was developing a bit of diaper rash. They’re a little pricey but worth it in my opinion- they’re really soothing and less irritating than regular baby wipes. because of the cost I don’t use them everyday and try to save them for when she starts looking red.
Love these wipes! These are by far my favorite wipes but I do wish they were a little thicker. Because of the price I mainly use these when my son has diaper rash because they have no extra chemicals or perfume they don’t sting the rash like most other wipes do.
These are the best wipes we’ve tried. They stay wetter than any other, they don’t irritate, they don’t fall apart, and they don’t leave little fuzzies behind. If money is not an issue, don’t bother trying anything else. The price tag is a little high for me, which is the only thing that prevents me from using them regularly.
This is an excellent product. The best and healthiest baby wipes available in this area.
I really wanted to like these as they have good reviews. These were not for me, they felt dry and very thin. I found myself using more wipes than I do with my other wipes. They did their job and don’t read easily which is why it’s getting 3 stars.
I've been a repeat customer since my 4 year old was 3 months old. They are thick wipes with no chemicals. We use them for everything everywhere. I gift them to my other mommy friends also. I wouldn't say they are "soft" per se but I purchase them because of the lack of chemicals.
Love these wipes. Kinda pricey but I will pay extra for a clean product.
These are a bit pricey, but they were perfect for cleaning up my baby when he had a diaper rash.
A baby wipe without sodium benzoate or something of the sort is so hard to find. I am thankful for these wipes to use on my 3 small children. They stay moist, love that! Just wish they were not so thin and offered a boxed form of packaging as opposed to only soft shell packages. However, the new reinforced seal available on the soft packaging was an exceptionally nice touch compared to the old one. Definitely would recommend WaterWipes to others.
I wanted to try something different, water based because my baby was getting diaper rash and a few days later the rash cleared up. A little pricey, but worth it.
I liked these wipes for after eating because they don’t dry out my babies cheeks like his diaper wipes but I was really surprised how bad the packaging was. It’s just a sticker that peels off. Even my huggies wipes has a plastic close top. So once the sticker fell off a couple times it stopped sticking and I just threw it away. Currently the wipes are just open now but not dried out yet. They also are hard to get out without pulling them all out. All in all I like not worrying about rashes using these, but from my perspective they are a premium alternative to wetting a rag so the lowest quality packaging possible doesn’t make sense to me and I’ll just use wet rag or cotton round. Would probably buy again if the lid was like other baby wipes or you could safely transfer.
Love these wipes been using them on my daughter since she was a newborn!!!
My newborn screams at diaper changes, so I decided to try these wipes to see if his skin was the issue. He tolerates these wipes better than any other and I like that there’s not a ton of ingredients.
Great for sensitive skin
My go to wipe that I have used since my toddler was a newborn. I like that it's unscented and clean ingredients for my child.
These are my favorite wipes for the baby, I tried most brands. They're wetter than the famous national brands, and gentle on the baby's skin.
I love these wipes they only have two ingredients. Basically water and a drop of natural fruit. They don’t dry up like other wipes do. They don’t give any allergic reaction to my daughter.
I have never had an issue with diaper rash since using these wipes with my 4th child! (Never, not once in his nearly 2 years of living in diapers!) There is no scent to these, so for stinky diapers, we also use a body cleanse when wiping. (These has become a recent issue, since table foods became his eating habit). We still find that the benefits of using Waterwipes far outweighs the extra steps that may be needed.
I love these wipes, minus the packaging. The opening does not reseal/stay closed.
I don’t use anything else. It’s simply clean.
I heard these water wipes are really good and so I bought them. I opened to use it and guess what, the corner of the wipes have mold! I couldn’t believe it. How can the wipes have mold?? I checked the other package and the same thing. Never buying these wipes again.
I absolutely love these wipes! I use them for everything from my face to bottom!
these do such a better job then others. safe for parents and babies. get everything off n clean in one wipe.
We have tried a variety of wipes. These are the only ones that don’t irritate my sons skin. The wipes also clean well. They are expensive, but worth it! We’ve been purchasing them during the Target drive up deals to save $. Thanks Target!
The best hands down. -strong. Don’t rip easy -gentle on skin -2-3 wipes cleans up nicely....5 for a major blow out
Love this wipes! I would make them myself but these save time.
Love water wipes! My son use to get bad diaper rash, but not since switching to water wipes. Worth the price!
A little pricey but the absolute best for diaper rash! Doesn’t irritate baby’s sensitive skin
I like the material and that it’s almost all water, makes clean up’s easy!
gentle on baby's skin, wipes away with ease compared to national brands and cheap brands
Honestly I wish I had bought a TON of these during pregnancy. I have some other wipes that claim sensitivity and naturalness. It’s bogus compared to this! My baby’s skin is eczema prone and dries very easily. This wipe cleans him well. I can also use it anywhere on him without the worry of chemicals or fragrances. It glides gently without leaving a fuzz.
A life saver. I witched to waterwipes when my baby had diaper rash and it was worth it
I purchased these water wipes after my 8 month old developed a diaper rash that wouldn’t go away (within two weeks). By the third day of using these wipes and A&D diaper rash ointment the rash disappeared. I love everything about water wipes.
Sealed, in good shape, and exactly like it has been on the many prior purchases.
Great quality and feel. And everyone loves the cover. It’s not cheap like other brands and sticks perfectly from open until the pack is done. Your wipes will never dry out. And it’s honestly and completely fragrance free! It so good for my sons sensitive skin, and I’d use it on my face! So A+++
I love the concept of these wipes. My daughter is allergic to most wipes so these are great. They are just so WET and don’t wipe that well. I need to use more wipes for one diaper change than any other brand. Also getting these out is a pain because they don’t come out individually, it will come out in a stack of five and are impossible to separate.
Best wipes in the market
The only brand of wipes we trust for our family and for our bodies for the past 4+ years! We have extreme MCS, asthma, and contact skin allergies; this is the only wipes brand our family can use safely. The ingredients are safe, healthy, and minimal. We exclusively use and trust Fragrance Free Water Wipes in our home, garage, the office, at school, church, in restaurants, on car trips, at the grocery store, and everything else in between. This is an excellent product.
Only wipes we use the best
Love these wipes! My 7 month old has never had diaper rash like my other children and I think it has something to do with these wipes!
Best wipes ever! Super natural, they don’t have a fragrance, and rarely cause any diaper rash. I highly recommend them.
Great wipes for babies!
I love it for my son.
My absolute favorite brand of wipes, especially for my newborn. They are soft and they are great for wiping up diaper messes. Only brand I trust for my little guys sensitive skin. So gentle and soft!
I love this product, but please be warned that it is true when they tell you DO NOT FLUSH THEM!!! Husband has learned this lesson well.
l like how they stay wet in a wipey warmer, the softness, thin enough to get into the little crevices of my babys bottom, they don't dry out on me, and the reassurance that they are safe for sensitive skin. What I don't like is the price per wipe, how sometimes more then one wipe will come out at a time (I've experienced this with many brands), and no pop up top option.
My newborn developed a really bad rash and although I was already using another brand with clean ingredients, I switched to this one. They’re perfect!
These wipes are worth every penny! They are gentle, and soft on baby's skin.
These wipes are great and they stay moist
Water wipe fam. Simple ingredients and non-irritating. Used it for our first little who was sensitive to “sensitive” wipes from other brands. Now use it on our new babe with same success. Is it a pain to get the wipes individually without multiples coming out? Yes, but totally willing to deal with that instead of dealing with baby bums with rashes.
I have not had any issues with these wipes as far as allergic reaction or irritiation. Definitely recommend.
Great natural and pure wipe. Good price.
I really like these wipes and they are gentle on baby. They have no scent and they do not tear while wiping!
Love the gentle ingredients!
Great on my babies sensitive skin.
Ok so the wipes themselves work great. They are more wet than the Pampers Sensitive wipes, and don’t irritate my baby. HOWEVER - getting the individual wipes out of the packaging is a legit nightmare! First, finding the edge to grab is next to impossible. When you do finally find it and give a tug, it often brings three more wipes with it. When I am changing a poopy at three am this is the last thing I want to be struggling with! And when you’ve got baby up on a changing table holding their legs up so they don’t kick their poopy butt with one hand that means you NEED to be able to get wipes with your solitary free hand. These wipes require two hands. I’d buy these exclusively if the packaging had a narrow wipe slot that helps you to pull one at a time like Clorox wipes do.
my grand daughter is allergic to every wipe out there except these. these have been a godsend for us.
I used these on my son for his first year. I loved how clean and pure these were. This combined with triple paste was a winning combination at preventing diaper rash. In fact, I recommended these to my cousin who’s daughter was suffering from frequent diaper rash at 6 months old. She said within a day or 2, it cleared up completely. I recommend to anyone who asks me!
No scent which is great and very gentle! Perfect for sensitive skin
Love these!! I have been using water wipes since my oldest (5) was a baby. All my kids have super sensitive skin. They are really wet if you don’t like that.
Great on our newborn and when he got a rash on his bottom when he got older.
I love these wipes, especially for #2 they always get my baby nice and clean. They are also gentle. Only reason I didn’t give 5 stars is because I don’t like the packaging. They are a bit pricy but I love them.
Water wipes offer a clean non sticky feeling after each use. I bought them for my granddaughter but now I use them myself. They are great when traveling, on the beach, or for use in the dreaded port-a-potty.
I just purchased a pack of 3! Each one had a different expiration date!! Months apart mind you. i purchase these a few days ago and all them are expired almost 7 months!! I didn't even noticed til we smelled a mildew smell! It was horrible! I used it on my baby a few times til i finally realized the smell was coming from the wipes!!! Do not recommend!!!!!
I love waterwipes it doesn’t dry up like the any wipers.
Only wipes that don’t break out my baby with a rash! Only problem is there definitely more expensive than most wipes!
I use these daily on my puppy’s dirty paws.
Simple goodness. We originally wanted to try cheaper wipes, but when our poor baby girl got a nasty diaper rash, these helped her heal up, and we decided to stick with them so she wouldn't have to experience that again.
I actually got these wipes for a little cat with severe allergy issues, I give her a "bath" each day to help with her itching and scratching. She actually purrs when I wipe her down, which I think means they feel good! Her fur looks great and so soft afterward, I can only imagine how nice these must be for human babies!
Love them! I never thought I would ever find a better wipe than i found these. They are the best wipe i have ever used.
I got these to clean my car dash and seats, as well for us to wipe our hands after eating. I wanted something for sensitive skin and this fit the bill, but it’s a bit too watery for me, leaves surfaces very wet that I need to wipe off with dry cloth to avoid water marks.
These were amazing for years but as of June 2020 they are dry? Not sure if its defective but our last packages didn't have the tear off plastic you have to rip off while opening, so all the wipes were 75% dry. Hope this isn't a new thing.
These are honestly some of the best wipes we have ever had and we feel comfortable using them with the little ingredients they have in them! They’re safe and effective and we have yet to have an issue with these. They’re gentle on our infants skin.
Started using these wipes after our baby had a diaper rash and would cry when using other wipes. Also, the rash has resolved and has not returned since using these wipes. They are worth the higher cost to have no irritation and no tears.
Best wipes for sensitive little faces.
These wipes are so soft and moist.
All time favorite wipes! My daughter has sensitive skin and gets rashes easily and these are the only wipes that don’t irritate her during those times. The moistness of them make it easy to wipe away any mess including the dirtiest of diapers.
I love and prefer these wipes over any other brand. It is soft and has the right amount of water in them which makes it comfortable to use on my LO as it doesn't drag on her skin from being too dry. I also love that it is unscented. I would definitely continue using this brand.
These wipes are a good choice if you are concerned about chemical additives. We prefer these and we have used many other “natural” minded brands. The only down side for us is each wipe itself is on the small side compared to what we were used to but it’s not a huge issue.
I love these wipes. They are great for sensitive skin with just a few simple ingredients.
Only wipes my baby can use and has no chemicals in it like other baby wipes
I love how thick these wipes are, and also how much moisture they come with. Other wipes feel dry, while these have the right amount of water to actually wipe my baby clean.
Expensive but don’t irritate my baby’s butt as much as the other natural wipes
Perfect for my sensitive skin baby.
These are the best water wipes no fragrance just plain ol water! The only ones I use for my grandson.
I enjoyed using this product
Love them would not trade them from any other product
Strong, yet gentle, cloth with no cloying fragrance. My skin feels clean and smooth after use; not tight and dry the way other brand name wipes that contain alcohol, fragrances, and other chemicals do. I'm happy that I gave this product a try, and I'll definitely be purchasing it again in the future.
Love these wipes!! My baby gets a rash from other branded wipes.
We love these wipes!
Soft, gentle and safe.
Perfect for babies with sensitive skin. I love the quality of these and I love that there is no fragrance or harsh chemicals. These are also strong and don't rip easily.
The only wipe that didn’t irritate my boys skins! Don’t know where I would have Been without them.
Love these wipes for my newborn and toddler!!
Work really well and hold up well when using. Plus, don't have to worry about what's in them. The pamper's sensitive wipes would always make my little guys bum breakout a little bit. These never have. Love them.
I swear by these wipes. Overly fragranced wipes led to diaper rash, these were the remedy. They are soft and very wet, even to the last wipe. Also great for wiping hands and face without worry of soaps and fragrance staying on skin. I only wish they would make a hard top package similar to Pampers for easier access, we tear the packages quite often.
Best wipes I ever used, had twins and these have been a life saver when they go number 2. Purchasing more now
These wipes are almost exactly like the up and up wipes which is pretty disappointing because they’re double the price for less.. I was super excited to try these but for the price, the quality is very low. I would use a wet rag before I re-purchased these.
Excellent, gentle on baby's bottom. It's like giving baby a mini sponge bath. Definitely has plenty of water in it indeed.
Love these wipes! They feel wet and soft and they clean better than other wipes. I usually use Pampers sensitive or Huggies Natural Care wipes, but where I would usually have to use at least two wipes of other brands during a diaper change, I can use only one of these Water Wipes and it cleans just as well. They are about twice as expensive as other good brand wipes, so I buy them when I have coupons and stock up to only use during diaper rashes. When the other “sensitive” baby wipes will make my baby cry during a diaper rash episode, the Water Wipes seem to soothe. I just wish they were cheaper or had competitors in other brands so I could buy more often.
Best wipes, easy on baby’s skin
These are the absolute best baby wipes. I love that they’re unscented, and they’re gentle enough to use on my baby’s face, too.
It is good wipes and very wet, but on the expensive side, I wish it gave that cap that you can open and close like one ones Huggies got.
These wipes cost a little extra but are completely worth it. My daughter would occasionally get minor diaper rashes and switching to these wipes made a huge difference, no more rashes. These wipes are also thicker and wetter than the other brands.
These aren’t my favorite wipes, however, they were a complete life saver every time my daughter has gotten rashes. I would absolutely recommend these to anyone. These and huggies natural are the only wipes I buy for my daughter
Usually I love these wipes but I noticed when I buy the bigger bulk boxes, I almost always end up having to throw out a lot of the packets because the wipes are covered in mold. I don't know how to prevent the mold from forming and these end up costing me more money for products I can't even use. I love the concept of these but am not a fan of throwing away products I can't use...
Love that these wipes only have two ingredients. A quick internet search shows that more popular brands contain alcohol based preservatives. A little expensive, but soft and gentle. Would recommend for babies with and without sensitive skin.
These water wipes are an absolute must for any rash, I don't use them everyday because they're a little pricey. We use Pampers Sensitive Wipes daily, she has sensitive skin. Also, try to keep a couple packs in the house and when my daughter gets a diaper rash I use them and within two days the rash is gone.
These wipes were truly a miracle for our newborn’s diaper rash! Our little guy got a terrible diaper rash while in the NICU that we struggled to remedy for weeks. None of the creams we tried were effective & everything we tried only seemed to irritate it more. We tried all the well known brands’ versions of ‘sensitive skin’ wipes, and all of them seemed to only irritate the rash further. Poor little guy would just scream when we wiped him :( Diaper changes were a huge stress for everyone. We finally found these and the difference was like a miracle! He didn’t mind being wiped at all, no more screaming, the rash became less irritated, and the diaper cream could finally do its job. The rash cleared up within a week. We will never use another wipe! These are worth every penny. They’re nice and thick, and wetter than the average wipe, which I found makes cleaning up easier... I can make one wipe go further so they last a little longer. No complaints about the packaging. Win all around.
I love how moist it is We use because my baby is sensitive to other wipes but it is super expensive I mean it just has water And 4 tars because it is expensive and no lid I have to take off huggies wipes lid and stick it on it It needs to be softer tho
These are absolutely fabulous Wipes that we are currently using it for baby .These wipes are very soft and does not dry out skin .Best part is that it have only 2 ingredients which are good for baby use We love using them and high recommend this product #Insidersteam
Love these gentle wipes
Waterwipes are so very noisy and go a long way. They're very convenient and are useful for many different tasks. These are my new favorite wipes!
Hey these are the best wipes hands down. Worth the extra buck.
great product - very gentle, great value
Water wipes have been the only thing we can use on our 4 month old. Anything else we try and she breaks out and gets rashes. These have been amazing for her little sensitive bottom. However, they are ridiculously priced. We are already upset enough our babies skin is so tender- we shouldn’t have to pay an arm to clean their bottoms.
I gave this as a baby shower gift. The future mom really wanted this brand because it is completely natural. The large size is a bargain.
Love love these wipes. Only complaint is pricing
Perfect for baby gentle skin!
I like the wipes, but the packaging they come in sucks!! The top part always comes off so my wipes are never sealed properly which causes them to dry out. I bought these because my newborn had horrible diaper rash and they were recommended. They were super gentle on the rash but I probably will never buy them again because of the annoying packaging.
We’ve been using water wipes on our baby since he was born and love them. They are soft and gentle, and have no scent to them. They never irritate his skin. I’ll use them on him as long as we use wipes!
Excellent product. Literally the only wipe on the market that won't give my children a rash.
Love these wipes, they are gentle on skin yet strong and effective. I wish they would upgrade the packaging though because the seal never sticks and then they dry out.
Love using this for kids! Amazing and odorless.
These are the only wipes my son can use without irritation. I also love that they never dry out. The material is also soft and thick.
I was so excited to get these because of the reviews of how great they were and how wet they were going to be. Maybe I got a bad package but they were not wet or moist. After throwing the towel with this pack I tried the smaller pack and those were wet. I will say that after some time the wipes look weird. With the 60 count I originally bought one wipe was not fully back in the package and kinda turned like a brown color pretty strange probably the fruit extract doing things but still weird.
Best wipes! Much better than regular wipes!
Great for newborns, my daughter was sensitive to every baby wipe except these .. use when baby has diaper rash
These are the only wipes that my son doesn't break out from... but they are VERY thin. Since we don't go through wipes as often as others, I noticed the first pack I opened started to smell like moldy water. I would prefer that they were thicker.. i feel like i have to use 4x the wipes I normally would use with other National Brands.
I'm a fan of the up and up brand wipes but nothing compares to water wipes. They do an excellent job cleaning up the messiest diapers and since they are so moist I don't have to use a ton of wipes either. I love that they are unscented and free of any harsh chemicals.
These are some of my favorite wipes. They are very gentle and I felt much more comfortable using these on my baby during the newborn stage. I just wish they had a bigger/more texture wipe and a flip top lid (I had the sticker closing! It always falls off and stops sticking eventually)
Nice for adults to use on sensitive skin .
These wipes are amazing these are the only wipes I have been using in my son since he’s been born (2months now) because they don’t cause him any rash or irritation. I was given some huggies wipes from the hospital and realized he was getting rashes and decided to give these a try. No strong odor or scent works great
This is all we use for our babies. Super gentle and great for hands and faces too!
Great product. Always we order this particular wipes for our baby.
My daughter has super sensitive skin and cried every time we wiped her but she doesn't complain with the water wipes, so in that respect they are great, however, my only complaint is the price. I wish they were a little more affordable.
Only wipes I like to use ! Water wipes are the best the ONLYYYYY thing I wish is that they were easier to separate from eachother other than that these are the BEST! This brand need to come up with non toxic diapers, id definitely use. What you put in and on your children is important !
The best wet wipes I’ve ever tried. It cleans perfectly and doesn’t have a fragrance so it doesn’t irritate me.
Love the simple natural ingredients! Safe products for my baby are of the utmost importance, I just wish it wasn’t so much more expensive than the other stuff. I haven’t had a problem with the wipes drying out.
BEST WIPES EVER!! Have tried many wipes and these are worth the extra money no rash.
Great wipes! Love them and how natural they are.
i love these, however: versus other brands, these are quite wet so i find these are great for cleaning faces/hands/etc than for diaper changes. i find these can be just a little too slippery for that. however, i also want to note: the newborn version of water wipes are smooth whereas the water wipes for older babies have a bit of a bumpier texture and i do like those ones better overall. i also find these better for diaper changes than the newborn version as they provide a little more grip which helps combat the slippery-ness. i love the size of these travel packs. the bigger packs (i believe they are 64 wipes?) don't fit as well into diaper/travel bags and even if they do, they just weigh the bag down a bit. these are perfect for travel whereas i use the bigger packs at home. my biggest thing is i love that these are basically just water and one other ingredient. a lot of other brands claim their wipes are 99+% water but then there are a bunch of ingredients. i understand the amounts of those ingredients are minimal, but then my question is why do they need that many ingredients when they combine to such a small percentage??? i think it just helps drive up the cost that can be charged for the wipes than offering any sort of benefit to make buying those wipes worth it. my second choice of wipes is honest and i prefer those for the nursery and diaper changes. they are a little "drier" and i find they can make cleaning up faces/hands/etc more difficult/irritating to my baby's skin because i have to wipe "harder". honestly, if water wipes and honest wipes were combined, they would probably be perfect. a collaboration between the two companies would definitely peak my interest!
LOVE!!! Where do I even begin with how absolutely amazing these wipes are. I have a teething 1 year old right now and every time he ends up with a really bad rash instantly. He screams as you wipe him and it tortures this mamas heart. We tried water wipes while he was having a rash and it honestly helped clear up his rash. With the wipes being 99.9% water he's not having tons of chemicals getting on the rash making it worse. Not only are they amazing when your little one has a rash but they are extremely wet and perfect for getting those little hard stuck on nuggets when your child starts eating solid foods. I couldn't be any happier with these wipes! These are definitely are new favorite and recommend them to anyone looking for a new baby wipe.
Our baby has a pretty sensitive bottom, and these are the best wipes we've found that don't irritate her skin. The only bummer is that they don't feed through the lid in the wipe warmer - we have to open the lid each time.
Love water wipes, no diaper rash yet and going 7 months strong! We hardly use any diaper cream too. We also use this to wipe her face after meals and wipe down toys since those end up in her mouth so we don’t want to use any chemical filled cleaner - even baby ones have stuff in it that’s not good if they ingest.
one of the great products for babies. Highly recommend this products though its a little bit expensive compared to other brand.
This is hands down the best brand of wipes out there. They clean well, are unscented, and natural, which I absolutely love.
These are the ONLY wipes that my baby doesn't have a reaction to--including sensitive and natural brands. One diaper change with any other wipe results in a rash, but not this one. We don't stray from this product ever. Highly recommend this for any baby, it's clearly the safest product out there for your baby's sensitive skin!
Only truly “natural” ‘clean’ baby wipes I’ve been able to find for over 4 years.
Fragrance free Wipes well Great for sensitive skin Cons: Packaging The sticker on the closure stops sticking over time which causes wipes to dry out especially the ones used for outdoors.
I absolutely love these wipes. However due to their price I mostly used them to clean my baby’s face and little hands
Box arrived very soiled with an expiration date only 2 months away. Otherwise we are happy with the product.
Best wipes! Gentle and effective. No chemicals. No irritation whatsoever. Buy them!
The only wipes I’ll use for my baby. Unscented and mild yet keeps her clean
Expensive but great. Gentle on babies exzema and dont cause reactions.
Good product for a newborn and good value
These really helped my little one’s sensitive bottom. They’re not cheap but very helpful.
I seriously love these wipes! They’re my favorite out of any other simply because they’re mostly just water and do the best job at cleaning without irritating my baby’s bottom because they’re so moist and not dry & scratchy like most other wipes. It’s a matter of preference I suppose, but these are nearly ideal wipes for me and my child.
The best wipes. I know I’m not putting chemicals on my baby.
We had a plethora of wipes when baby was born but the Doctor said because of his circumcision we couldn’t use regular wipes as they contain alcohol and would burn. Our options were either wet wash cloths or these. We love these! Very gentle, never hurt or upset baby. The package was easy to close and reopen. I’ve heard from other parents that they can’t be left in a hot car or opened without using for long periods of time, as they don’t have the chemicals or preservatives they will mold. Don’t expect to have a package open for more than a week so this shouldn’t be an issue. Plan on buying more.
I really wanted to like these, as they have the cleanest ingredient list that I have found. However, they were so "wet" and the wipe itself had no texture. This made it very difficult to clean anything but rather just smeared it. I also did not like that the wipes were not wrapped in eachother, so the next wipe did not come up out of the package after you pull one out. It led to me wasting several wipes trying to get them out of the package. These are too expensive to waste! I ended up returning these, as I just could not make them work for us.
I was noticing the previous wipes we used seemed to dry out quickly and were harsh on my baby's skin. I am very pleased with the Water Wipes because they're gentle, don't have a sticky residue and you don't have to use so many for your baby to be clean. I do wish the container was bit larger, but other than that, I love them!
The best wipes. My friend told me I needed to use these wipes because her son never had a diaper rash while using these. My daughter hasn't had a single diaper rash with these wipes either. They are simple and do not smell like any chemicals, unlike other brands.
My daughter is very sensitive so I started using a washcloth with water to wipe her. That started to become a huge pain so I gave in and started purchasing water wipes. I love these because there aren’t any unnecessary chemicals like other products and it saves me the hassle of wetting a washcloth before every change. Totally worth it.
My daughter was getting some vicious diaper rashes from taking antibiotics and these wipes cleared it up within about two days. We have been using ever since.
These are pricey and thin but quality and not filled with chemicals. The packaging got better and they seem less drenched than they used to be.
I have mixed feelings about these wipes. Cons: The packaging is extremely cheap to the point that you have to be very careful opening the bag otherwise it can all come undone very easily. The wipes are very difficult to pull out which is not convenient at all when changing a babies diaper. You try to pull one and five come out. They also are extremely wet to the point where you drip a lot of water. All of this sucks considering you are paying a little more that most wipes out there. Pros: my baby has sensitive skin and other wipes like Huggies and Pampers caused her rashes, but ever since I started using these we’ve seen no rashes. I’d like to continue to use them for that reason, but they need to make some improvements!
No diaper rashes ever and I definitely attribute that to these wipes. Other fragrant wipes left a residue that made my baby’s bum more prone to skin ailments. Not so with these. They cost more than the typical brands, but they are well worth it.
Excellent for my baby's sensitive skin.
My pediatrician recommended these wipes and my son has almost NEVER gotten a diaper rash... maybe two times. Once before we used the water wipes because the scented wipes irritated his bottom. And the second time was because he was sick. Otherwise, these water wipes are awesome at preventing diaper rashes because they are simple, clean ingredients that get the job done well!
These wipes are great. You can use them on baby’s bottom, as well as their face and hands without a worry. Stop using harsh chemicals on your baby’s and your skin. But these immediately!
PERFECT WIPES ! just a little pricey lol
I tell all my friends about Water Wipes because they're simply amazing! We don't have any more kiddos in diapers, but we have them in every bathroom (although we don't flush them) because they're just that awesome!
I I wouldn't use any other baby wipes
Great for newborns who can't be bathe until there umbilical cord falls out.
Meets all expectations. I got these when my little guy had a serious diaper rash. These in conjunction with the Boudreaux Butt Paste wiped it out in a day.
We love these wipes!! My son was constantly getting diaper rash and finally we found these and all our problems were solved! They recently changed packaging to an easy open bag too which I really appreciate!
Love these! Great for sensitive skin!
These are the most fantastic wipes! Please always keep them the same and always keep them in stock...we love them! We used these from the moment our baby was discharged from the hospital. They get her very clean and are super safe to use on any part of her (including her hands, which she puts in her mouth a lot). We also use them to wipe her face when needed. We use Water Wipes on her diaper area and she has never had any diaper issues. We prefer to avoid chemicals whenever possible, so we adore this product. We also love that there is no scent and the price is right. They are a little hard to lift out of the package one at a time, so two come out at once if you are grabbing quickly...but that is the case with almost any baby wipes out there on the market. Please keep the packaging and formula the same always, we would be lost without these. If water wipes were ever not around, we would probably make homemade water wipes because we see how well the baby does with this simple concept and we would never want to switch to a different system. These are awesome. They stay fresh because they are almost all water except for the tiny amount of fruit extract. Thank you so much for this wonderful product.
I like these wipes, but I didn't realize when ordering them that they are not biodegradable. I will probably switch back to bamboo and cotton.
Best wipes ever, used them for my first born now using them for my second baby :) would highly recommend
I love water wipes and have used them since my twins were born. They are now 9 months old and I’m still using water wipes. There is no overwhelming scent like with other types of wipes and no alcohol so it doesn’t aggravate their eczema.
We loved these wipes! They are So soft and very moist. At first i thought they were maybe too wet but they aren't they don't drip or anything and making cleaning a sensitive baby's bottom very easy. My boy is very sensitive and has not had any issues with these like most other wipes. I love that these are just water with a small amount of grapefruit extract. The less chemicals in his life the better.
Expensive for what you get. Better getting the pampers water wipes Aqua I believe they are called.
The best for sensitive skin ...
Best wipes. Thorough clean every time! No rash or irritation.
I love these wipes! I have heard from my son's pediatrician that there were a lot of babies having bad reactions to Pampers products, so I gave these a try after a friend recommended them. They are great and my son has not had any bad reaction to them. They are made almost purely with water, which I love. They are odorless and stay wet even if the package is accidentally left open. Sometimes the wipes are difficult to get out of the pack which can be frustrating when try to clean up a poop, so I typically get a few out of the package before I start changing my son's diaper.
Work great for wiping dogs' down without any chemicals (especially around eyes).
My newborn has diaper rash from other wipes so I bought this one. His rash and crying during diaper change have improved.
I love water wipes , im a mom and my kids have sensitive skin , so anything with crazy additives makes their skin get rough dry patches . Ive never experienced that with the water wipes , The only negative thing i have againsed them is the packaging . They could improve that alot more
They are good, but they became smaller within the last several months.
I love these wipes! They are so gentle on baby's bum.
Great wipe. I love them they are a bit pricey especially for a travel pack. Also, extremely moist and gentle for babies with sensitivity issues.
Perfect size for diaper bag! Not harsh on babies skin. Gets the job done well!
I wanted to like these wipes better, because everyone raves about them, but honestly I didn't care for them at all. They feel thick, however I was cleaning my baby's bottom and they slid around and bunched up. I think they were either too wet or too thin. They also had a slight alcohol smell.
we've been using water wipes since day one and our son has never had a rash or reaction. we also use them for some every day clean up as well. they are obviously more pricey than some of the other wipes brands, but i would keep using them again and again regardless of cost.
These have an expiration date, which I did not realize until we received these. Could never use them all before it expires. Be careful ordering these for the same reason. Possibly they could provide more current product and not sell old stock.
I absolutely love this product my husband and I have tried different wipes that were non-irritating when my daughter has a diaper rash. Unlike the others this one is super gentle and does not burn her. I have tried Pampers aqua wipes and they aren’t the same. There is an ingredient within the wipes that causes irritated skin to burn. I will continue to buy this product for as long as they continue to sell it .
Gentle on baby’s skin and I love that they don’t have any extra fragrance or chemicals.
I really wanted to like these wipes, my babies have sensitive bums so l tried these, they are just cheap quality and not durable at all, I had to use like 20 wipes for one diaper change! Also the packaging is not good (wipes leaked all over diaper bag), I feel like for the price they should be softer, durable, bigger, and better packaging.
These are the absolute best wipes for babies and toddlers and anyone really. There are no chemicals or things to worry about. Just water and natural grapefruit juice extract. Amazing. Yes, a little pricier, but definitely worth it.
These are the only wipes I've ever used that don't make my skin burn nor leave a chemical smell (or any smell!) on my skin. I use them on everything now!
I love these wipes! I've been using since birth of my daughter and she us 7 months old and has not had a diaper rash! they are small, thus you use more, but keeping my babes butt from breakdown is much more important!!!
we started using these with our second and just love them. highly recommend.
Water wipes are the best route to go for babies with sensitive skin. The texture of them is different but it's worth getting use to for the sake of your child.
My daughter has very sensitive skin and since she was born, we have used these wipes. They cause no irritation, are strong, get the job done, has a minimal amount of ingredients (2), and when we’re done, we can recycle the packaging. 110% would recommend this product over and over again.
It's not just great for babies. I have two English Bulldogs and use them to clean up dirty paws, etc. when they come home after a walk. I don't have to worry about any chemicals either. Overall, a terrific product and the only one I use!
Pros: simple ingredients and you can use them on any part of the baby without worry. Cons: More than one often comes out of the pouch (sometimes a huge chunk of them!), and they are very wet, which makes it hard to wipe up your baby's mess with only one. The mess kind of wipes around and isn't absorbed. Because of this, we went with honest brand.
Back in the day I had to wait about a month or sometimes longer to use baby wipes on my son's or they would get a really bad rash or sometimes their butt would even start to bleed with small scratches even when using sensitive skin wipes. These wipes have been amazing for my grandson. We've started using them from when he was 1 week old and haven't had any issues at all. These are great!
best wipes, especially to help clear up diaper rash/redness! wouldnt use anything else!
The best wipes you can buy. Only wish they were a bit cheaper
Best wipes out there!
These are the absolutely BEST wipes ever. My husband researched online and found water wipes for our little one who kept having diaper rashes. I highly recommend them for babies that have sensitive skin and for children, adult to use if they want to keep their bottoms clean and fresh :)
Our little one has very sensitive skin and develops diaper rashes easily and often. Water wipes are the only wipes she tolerates!
Great one. Has been using this on my daughter since she born.
By far the best wipes you can get, the most gentle, best for sensitive skin and eczema.
Yes, they are so expensive. No other wipe compares though, very happy with these.
Chemical free wipes, have used on my baby since day one Never experienced any rash or irration Absolutely love them!!!!
I absolutely love these wipes. They are a bit more expensive and I don't like how they come out of the package but regular wipes give my little one such bad diaper rash within one use. We have used these over a year and never have diaper rash or any problems. I gift these to all my friends.
These wipes are way too thin in my opinion. When changing a dirty diaper they slide because they are so thin.
Love these for my baby
Great wipes and there are no worries about what we’re wiping onto baby’s bum. Very wet and soft. I definitely recommend.
My baby was getting irritated from the other “gentle” wipes. Poor thing would cry at every diaper change until I realized it was the wipes. Switched to these and have never had a problem with irritated skin since. Best brand!
Amazing product. Free of alcohol or any other harsh chemicals for baby especially newborns
These are one of the only baby wipes that do t give my little one diaper rash!
Water Wipes are great. I buy them all the time for my baby. Love the fact that they're so simple/natural and true-to-the-name, very moist which means the packages don't dry out too fast. These are my go-to, so I typically order the 720 wipe box. It lasts me a very long time. The only reason why I give WW 4 stars instead of 5 is because I WISH the wipes themselves were "threaded" together...in other words, I wish that when I pulled one wipe out of the package, it would then pull out a section of the next wipe behind it...like a box of tissues or like other brands of baby wipes on the market. Instead, the Water Wipes are all individuals, so I end up digging and scraping with my fingernail each time I want to pull a single wipe out of the package. When you're changing an upset baby, any added frustration/time often feels exaggerated. It's obviously not enough of a concern to prevent me from continuing to purchase WW. Just a small improvement that would make this product absolutely perfect.
Absolutely love these wipes. Clean simple ingredients (water and grapefruit extract) that don't give my babies a rash. All three of my kids got severe diaper rash as babies and when I switched from other wipes to these the rash immediately went away. I have tried many different 'natural' baby wipe options and these are now the only ones I'll buy. Bonus: you can use them to wipe sweet little faces and they don't burn. My boys get especially dry/eczema skin in the winter and would cry when their faces were wiped with other wipes because they burned. These don't. Love love love them!
Best wipes, not just for babies! If you are allergic to other wipes try these. No chemicals or perfume. They are strong and durable; not flimsy like other wipes. I use them to wipe off makeup as well and add dove soap to use as washcloth on face. They are like the "bounty" of diaper wipes in strength. Just make sure that from time to time you squeeze the package to circulate the water and rehydrate the wipes. We keep a package in each car, bring a package to the beach and never leave home without them. Cleans up kids messy faces and hands in a snap. Good to have on hand after eating barbecued ribs too!
We love these diapers. We like them better than Honest Company.
Fantastic product and all natural.
My baby had bad skin escoriation to buttocks due to allergic reaction/sensitivity from Huggies wipes. These wipes saved the day! Worth every penny.
Love this wipes. Wish I could buy a larger box for longer supply.
Love love love these wipes. They are moist from the first sheet to the last, versus another popular brand that I dived dry. Not to mention, no chemicals for baby. Although a little more pricey than the leasing brand. Definitely worth it
As advertised. Good product
These are the only wipes we use on my son and the fact that no sneaky chemicals are in there (it is 99+% water and the rest grapeseed oil) gives me peace of mind. They are definitely wetter than traditional wipes but for messier changes that is actually better.
We love how allergies friendly these wipes are!
These are great wipes. I love how wet they are compared to some others I’ve tried. Soft and strong.
There are no wipes comparable to these. Especially when your baby has diaper rash. They all get it. Read the ingredients on all the wipes on the aisle. Even the ones that say all natural. Water wipes has the least amount of ingredients. The least amount of chemicals.
I absolutely love water wipes. I want to use the most minimal amount of chemicals on my baby and water wipes are just that. They are almost 100% water. If you load your wipes dispenser by opening the wipes and flipping them upside down the water will redisperse. I know people complain they can’t be used in a wipes warmer but honestly, who needs a wipes warmer? I’d choose unscented and chemical free over a warm wipe anyday. I wish they were a little cheaper for what they are but reguardless of price I will only use these.
I absolutely love water wipes. I want to use the most minimal amount of chemicals on my baby and water wipes are just that. They are almost 100% water. If you load your wipes dispenser by opening the wipes and flipping them upside down the water will redisperse. I know people complain they can’t be used in a wipes warmer but honestly, who needs a wipes warmer? I’d choose unscented and chemical free over a warm wipe anyday. I wish they were a little cheaper for what they are but reguardless of price I will only use these.
I absolutely love water wipes. I want to use the most minimal amount of chemicals on my baby and water wipes are just that. They are almost 100% water. If you load your wipes dispenser by opening the wipes and flipping them upside down the water will redisperse. I know people complain they can’t be used in a wipes warmer but honestly, who needs a wipes warmer? I’d choose unscented and chemical free over a warm wipe anyday. I wish they were a little cheaper for what they are but reguardless of price I will only use these.
I absolutely love water wipes. I want to use the most minimal amount of chemicals on my baby and water wipes are just that. They are almost 100% water. If you load your wipes dispenser by opening the wipes and flipping them upside down the water will redisperse. I know people complain they can’t be used in a wipes warmer but honestly, who needs a wipes warmer? I’d choose unscented and chemical free over a warm wipe anyday. I wish they were a little cheaper for what they are but reguardless of price I will only use these.
I absolutely love water wipes. I want to use the most minimal amount of chemicals on my baby and water wipes are just that. They are almost 100% water. If you load your wipes dispenser by opening the wipes and flipping them upside down the water will redisperse. I know people complain they can’t be used in a wipes warmer but honestly, who needs a wipes warmer? I’d choose unscented and chemical free over a warm wipe anyday. I wish they were a little cheaper for what they are but reguardless of price I will only use these.
Love it. It's made of just water and a touch of fruit extract so no chemicals. I use it to clean my baby's hands because it's chemical free and safe. And it doesn't make her bottom all slimy feeling like some of the other wipes.
Best wipes except for the price. No sent. Stay wet. And minimal chemicals.
I am glad I switched to these. No more redness. Worth the extra money.
The wipes are very small and the wipes are way too wet. I prefer Pampers Pure to these
Love these wipes! During a very bad diaper rash we switched to Water Wipes from Pampers Sensitive and immediately saw a difference. And we haven't gone back. There's no chemical smell (no smell at all actually), they don't leave a film on your skin and I feel comfortable using them on baby's face and hands. Yes, they are more expensive but worth every penny!
Really love these wipes !!!
Great wipes but over priced
They are awesome I'm a freelance manicurist and use them all the time in set!
Very nice wipes, switching house to non-toxic. Great buy!
My daughter had sensitive skin and this cleared it right up. I was originally using Pampers sensitive.
The size of wipe itself is a little smaller. They stay wet. We like that it's a pure wipe, with pure ingredients!
Like that these come in a huge box and also the wipes don't smell
Bought these because I was attracted to the wipes containing mostly water but ultimately stopped using them because as you get near the bottom of the pack, there is so much water that you literally have to squeeze it all out of the wipe before using it. Which makes sense as they are mostly water but it wasn’t something I liked to do every time I used a wipe from the bottom of the pack. The wetness, which was a deal breaker for me, is the only negative thing I have to say about these wipes.
These are the best wipes. Lots of moisture so you don’t have to rub too hard on your babies sensitive skin.
great wipe, poor package
I bought these so that I could wipe my son down after eating when he was getting a yeast rash under his neck. His skin is eczema prone and sensitive, so these worked great when he needed a wipe down after eating.
Even the "sensitive" wipes of all the regular brands (pampers, huggies, kirkland) were way too harsh for my little boy. I don't know if it was the chemicals in them or the wipe itself, but after 2 or 3 diaper changes, his skin would be raw and sometimes even bleeding. Once he had a rash that got infected. We thought it was the diapers causing it and switched to cloth and nope. No difference. Someone suggested that I use pieces of flannel and dampen them with water and lavender oil, but I didn't want to deal with washing them. Then we switched to these wipes and he all of a sudden stopped getting diaper rashes!
Good wipes. Don’t buy as often as I like because they are pricey and I have 3 kids under the age of 3 1/2 who use wipes. They seem to be gentle on their skin. Good quality to. Very durable.
Love these for my babies sensitive skin! Can also use them on her hands and face to clean her up. Great wipes!
Best baby wipes. It’s all water and a drop of some fruit extract. Also pleasantly happy about targets excellent online shopping experience. Item arrived on time; perhaps little sooner than expected.
I do home childcare and provide wipes. I have had far too many with sensitive bums in recent years, so wanted to try these. They are thinner than my long-used Huggies wipes, but do not feel slimy like I always considered Pampers wipes. They do not come in a plastic tub, but I had one I washed out and put some of these in for easier access. SO far I like them and hope to continue using them for all of my little daycare babes.
For adult personal wipes, these don't irritate like some others. Yes, the material is a bit slicker than I care for, but it does the trick. I feel these are probably safer to use than many wipes out there.
Love these, although they are pretty thin. I do like that there are no chemicals
These are just ok... would only recommend for those seeking wipes for more sensitive skin. My complaints however are that these cannot be used with a dispenser/warmer since the sheets do not come continuously folded together. The wipes are also very thin and watery so the sheets often stick together resulting in more wipes used than may be necessary. When you are changing quickly or in the middle of the night this can be very frustrating. We started with water wipes but for the same price, we have now gone with another brand of organic wipes that are thicker, easier to use, less wasteful and better suited for our little one's bottom.
These are great for s bad diaper rash that cannot handle the alcohol of wipes. Moist and much better than the Huggies version
My daughter lives to play with the wipes and at times put them in her mouth so I had to be sure she would not end up with a bunch of chemicals. They are gentle and help tons to not get diaper rash...that's been our experience at least.
We love these wipes. My daughter has sensitive skin and gets eczema horribly. These are great for her. They are very moist, although sometimes the water settles in the bottom of the package. So sometimes we shake a little bit as the top ones can get dry. These work well to clean the diaper area and since they’re mostly water, they don’t have the typical wipe smell (I don’t care for it). Definitely recommend these.
These wipes are the best !! No yucky chemicals .. just wish they weren’t so expensive
Love this wipes. no rash ! Used 2 months.
The only truly clean wipe on the market! Literally two ingredients. Even Whole Foods’ 366 brand is full of icky ingredients. I make my own wipes (crazy, I know) but they will spoil, so I use these in places I don’t go through them fast, like the diaper bag. If your kiddo has any kind if diaper rash, I highly recommend trying these.
These are by far my favorite wipes! They're not the largest, but they're a decent size and moist enough that I feel like I'm able to wipe, not scrub my baby's bum. I also love that they don't have a weird smell as I feel most wipes do. A little more expensive than others on the market, but worth the extra penny.
I cannot say enough good things about these wipes! I have been using these on my son since birth. He is now 3 months old and his skin still looks as perfect as the day he was born. They are so gentle but such good quality. Through some sleepless nights I have even accidentally left the package open and they were still super moist the next day! I bought the ubbi wipes dispenser because it’s hard to re-stick the sealing on top of these sometimes and they are the perfect match. I absolutely love these.
Way better than 7th Generation and Honest wipes.
Love these! They have only two ingredients; water 99.9% water and a drop Grapefruit Seed Extract which is a natural skin conditioner with anti-microbial properties.
We won’t use anything but Water Wipes on our little one! We used a bunch of different brands on our first little one because Water Wipes weren’t out yet. I’m so glad their is a product out like this! We ❤️ Them!
these are the best wipes on the planet... literally, nothing else compares
Used this when my baby was born. When I ran out I used huggies sensitive and pampers sensitive but my baby developed a rash. So I switched back to this brand and no rash so far.
So worth the money! Very durable and scent free.
I love water wipes we used it every time But my last order is dry!!! I don’t know what happen but it’s dry! Not the one we always have !!
Seriously, hands down best wipes ever!
These are the only wipes I feel comfortable using on my son. Every other wipe is full of chemicals and unnecessary fragrances. Babies have such sensitive skin and you don’t want them absorbing anything toxic. If you don’t want to use rags and water, this is the next best and safest thing. I use them to wipe his face and hands as well and don’t have to worry about him getting chemicals in his mouth. Don’t trust the other knock off “pure” or “natural” wipes. They have twice the ingredients and the same garbage as any other wipe. They are a little more expensive, but I use my Red Card and get the subscription so they are 15% off and I get them straight to my door!
Love these wipes since they're so gentle on my son's bottom. He is very sensitive to huggies and Pampers and will get rashes from them. Only downside is I wish the water wipes was a tad thicker. When my son has an explosion I would have to double up on the wipes so it doesnt get on my hands. Besides that I love it!
Love these wipes. Comes in easy to take packets and I love that my kids diaper rashes rarely happen
The wipes are great for people looking for a natural product, however, they are really cold due to the concentration of water. My newborn didn’t appreciate these wipes, and was more content with other wipes that didn’t have such wetness and coldness to them. I switched back to my other brand.
After using huggies wipes our newborn developed a slight rash, so we switched directly over to the water wipes and we haven’t had any issues. I love that there are no chemicals on them, that they are soft and you only need one or two to get the job done. They are pricey but I will continue to purchase because they are better for our little one. I do wish that we had an option to purchase a dispenser for these wipes.
I was a little apprehensive to buy these at first because the price point is fairly high (even compared to the other more natural brands) but they are absolutely amazing! I use half the wipes I used to because they are so moist, yet still very absorbent. The ingredients are amazing and are by far the best option on the market if you are looking for something chemical free.
with the hype of these I fell for buying a box it's like soaked paper towel also the wipes are cut very small so need use double then dry baby's bum after stick with huggies thicker and works better and more half price
Work well but not my favorite. They really just are too expensive. The ingredients are great but there are other comparable brands that are just as good. In my opinion, they were too wet. Also there is no flip top, just a sticker. At first it’s hard to get the bag open when you’re elbow deep in baby poo but then the sticker stops sticking and it just stays opened.
Great baby wipes. Love that they are natural with any harsh chemicals.
Honestly these wipes were disappointing. I know several parents that swear by it but I just didn't get it. They are extremely hard to grab out of the package since they stick together. Not only that, but the packaging is pretty cheap. I opened the tab too hard and the whole thing came undone. I salvaged them by putting them in a ziploc bag but still didn't impress me. Still, due to baby's sensitive skin I tried again (without breaking the package) and was still unimpressed. I love that they are so natural, but paying $4 for wipes that are literally water just tugs at my soul a little bit.
When I left the hospital they said only use water and a soft towel to clean babies bottom! This was the next convent best and safest product out there. Love these! My son has never had a rash and he’s two now!
My daughter was using another brand's sensitive wipes and my granddaughter got a rash. The pediatrician suggested Water Wipes and the rash is gone.
These wipes do not irritate my sensitive skin.
I love these wipes. They stay moist and work well even for the biggest blow outs. My son has sensitive skin and other brands irritate his skin, but not water wipes.
These are the only wipes we use! All other wipes we’ve tried would leave a rash on baby girls bottom. I now like to give these as baby shower gifts for newborns sensitive skin!
We love these wipes for our newborn keeps her clean with out all the chemicals. We use these on her entire body head to toe they are a life saver! They are a bit more expensive but worth it.
These wipes are made of such a thin material they feel very cheap and don’t clean messes well. They are also sopping wet so we have to let our daughter air dry for a few minutes. I will not buy again and do not recommend these. If you’re going to go for a premium wipe, definitely go with the Honest company wipe. It’s textured with the perfect amount of moisture for the wipe.
Expensive, but the only wipes that don't burn my daughter's sensitive skin. If her skin is fine, we can use other brands, but if she has any diaper rash at all, these are the only wipes she can tolerate.
Very nice product I started to use when my baby born. I really recommend. The wipes are very gentle with their skin.
Love these wipes as my sons bottom is very sensitive. I use huggies wipes and it made him break out. It is a bit thin and more expensive than other brands however, i love the fact it does not contain any chemicals in it. Using these water wipes definitely helped my sons rashes! I recommend these to all mamas out there.
Great for babies with sensitive skin. This is the only kind of wipe that doesn’t irritate our baby’s skin. Sticking with this brand!
I love these wipes. I think they are more moist than the Johnson’s wipes and obviously have less chemicals/perfumes. They work great and my baby likes them
Absolutely love this wipes! No diaper rashes. Quick delivery.
The best wipes on the market. Hands down.
love water wipes! perfect for a sensitive babe!
Love my water wipes! I pretty much go out of my way to make sure I have these since I'm so picky about wipes.
I used to love water wipes but comparing them to other brands these wipes are pretty small, the same size as pampers , plus have no texture to them like up&up . I find that when I would wipe down my baby the wipes were too wet , i had to sit there and fan baby dry which is nearly impossible since he would just get up and walk away. When your wiping it seems like the wipe gets caught on skin & messes just move around causing you to use multiple wipes. I got these because my baby constantly gets diaper rash from going number two to often at times. But it seems like these cause diaper rashes and im not sure if its because they contain benzethonium chloride ( you can also check ewg ).when I wipe my babys face he will also breakout a little as . I tried using these to take off makeup and felt like I was just tugging on my skin. So I can only imagine what baby feels. I think im going to switch to honest company or huggies natural. Not saying these are bad wipes but I think you can find better wipes for the price.
These are the best wipes, I like that they're absorbent, they're soft and they dob't fall apart. Our baby is so sensitive that our pediatrician had us making wipes out of gauze & water. These wipes are gentle and do a great job of getting everything off our baby.
Work well, don’t cause rashes, great value size box
Good natural wipe for baby/toddler. I use them for everything. Diaper wipes, nose wipes and clean up after eating. Great to know there's no chemicals on baby. A little expensive.
It’s the best item for your baby being chemical free, but it is rather pricey. I agree with the comment “becoming smaller”, everything is shrinking and the price remains the same or even higher. It’s becoming really hard to live healthy in this country.
Great wipes stay wet once opened. However one would think they would be cheaper since they are water and grapefruit oil. We liked them but honestly the target brand sensitive wipes work just as well and don’t have chemicals either.
I like the idea but I have to use multiple wipes to clean a poopy butt. This is my second baby and I know it's not me.
gentle on my newborn's skin. I bought this because this is what the NICU was using. love it. However, it doesn't include a dispenser and the sticker that closes each bag loses its adhesive. Might have to use an old Huggies wipes dispenser so they won't dry out.
My daughter’s skin is extremely sensitive! These wipes are a life saver but they’re really expensive compared to other baby wipes. I would recommend to anyone with a skin sensitivity!
My daughter is super sensitive when it comes to some chemicals found on other wipes & diapers. These are honestly the best and i even use them now as make up remover wipes.
I wish I knew these things were around sooner! The only thing that’s annoying is that the wipes don’t separate easily so you end up pulling out like 4 it 5 wipes at a time occasionally. They’re perfect for my toddler! We use them for more than just diaper changes. Love these and full recommend them!
These are really nice. Thick and soft. I wasn't a big fan of the other brands. I like how they have no fragrance and no alcohol. They are god travel one for me. I use Med line at home so it's the closest I can get to at home comforts on the go.
Amazing, and gentle on very sensitive skin!
my 9 1/2 month old grandson has never had a diaper rash. so what if you have to work a tad harder to get your fingers in the package,. yes they are a little pricy but i feel their worth it having no chemicals... definitely worth not having to see him suffer from diaper rash
I love that these wipes are chemical free and gentle on baby and have never caused any type of irritation on my baby for that reason I give them 5 stars. However overall I have to go down a few for packaging, these wipes should not be removed from there package, since there are no yucky chemicals. It is also recommended to use them within 3 weeks of opening to prevent molding ( which is never an issue for us, we use them pretty quick) however once these wipes are opened there is only a sticky tab that covers the open wipes and with these wipes being pretty saturated (especially towards the end of the package) the tab looses its adhesive and doesn’t stay closed, I have found the wipes open a lot.
These are the only wipes I will use on my son’s sensitive skin. We have never had a diaper rash thanks to the wipes.
I like these for hands before eating! No chemicals!
This is really an excellent wet wipes I used it for my newborn baby girl .Earlier her face was full of baby acne and on her head there was a lot of cradle cap. But after using waterwipes all acne and cradle cap disappeared. Will recommend to use twice daily for baby acne and cradle cap till it disappears. Also apply pure coconut oil on the face and head leave it for the whole night and wash it off the next day it really helps. Coconut oil + waterwipes had worked great for my newborn
I love These wipes. My baby does really well with them and they clean very well! I will be buying more.
One of my favorite baby products, and will continue to order in bulk. They are a tad pricy, but I find I only need one wipe instead of using several. They really get the job done!
I love these wipes for my baby’s sensitive skin.
This is the strongest and most gentle wipe I've ever used! The fact that it only has 2 ingrediants is a major plus for the sensitive skin on my face. If I did have an infant, I'd use these on his/her skin as well!
These are better than the generic unscented wipes we used before, and better than Pampers unscented, which have a weird odor to them. These only have a faint citrus scent and are very gentle on my baby's skin. Worth the extra cost.
I gave these 4 stars because of the price . These wipes are great.! They stay moist and hold up great even when cleaning loss stoles from a breastfed baby! After my daughter gave birth to my grandson I notice they didn't use wipes when changing him . They used a cloth with water. I asked the nurse why and was told that baby wipes have ingredients that could be harmful. Of course I did my research and found that some ingredients are known to be harmful. They recommended these . ,just wish they were cheaper!!! Maybe they company will provide coupons in the near future:)
The best. Only wipes I will use!!
Great product. Very gentle
I like these better than what my local rural grocery store carries. However they are a bit wer and difficult to remove from the package. I think i like similar brands better.
I LOVE these wipes. I’ve used them for my baby since she was born. We love them and use them throughout the day as well cleaning her hands or face when we’re in a rush. Totally recommend
I have been using these since I switched from cloth to disposables about a year ago. They really are the best and if that is what you want for your kids then these are the wipes to get. Look at any wipe out there, Pampers, Huggies, Honest, etc., even sensitive and they all are crammed with "crud". I switched because I had a little cut on my finger and it burned when I was wiping my son. Unbeknownst to me, every wipe I've ever checked has at least some type of acid, I've seen a lot of citric, and it burns! Imagine your poor, sweet angel with a diaper rash on his or her most sensitive area and you're unknowingly burning it even more! Switch, switch, switch!
Great, no diaper rash so far for my one month old. The closure could be better, but the wipes never dry out.
Nice and perfect size made without harmful ingredients.
Love these. The only baby wipe that is genuinely gentle on the skin with minimal and natural ingredients.
Wipes are not continuous. When you pull one out. The next one doesn’t come out in the opening for easy use.
I really like these wipes. I used them on my older child who has sensitive skin & I won’t be using anything else on my newborn.
Doesn't come with a dispenser box, only plastic wrapping :-(
I love this wipes. They don’t irritate my baby and they clean. I will be buying more!
Love, love, love it. I've been using water wipes on my baby since he was born--- and he's now 7 months old. Wish this size was offered on subscription.
These smell great and clean very well!
I absolutely love these wipes. No harsh chemicals and they wipe so easily!
Best wipes for sensitive skin
These are the only kind of wipes my baby doesn't get diaper rash with! We love them! More expensive than other wipes out there and at first I said I would only use them until her diaper rash went away but she hasn't gotten a rash I'm 2 months since we've been using these so they're worth the money and we're only buying these!
Kind of small and expensive, but very gentle.
These are the best wipes - no weird ingredients so nothing that can irritate baby's skin. I got some free wipes from companies sending trials and some from baby shower gifts and I will end up giving all of those away. These are the best and I will not put anything else on my baby's skin.
Love them! So Pure. Will again.
Best wipes ever made.!
I love that these can be used on baby's whole body...won't irritate sensitive face skin when wiping boogers or eye gunk...also won't irritate eyes. They are more expensive, but they are very absorbent and I've never had to use more than 2 per diaper change (1 for normal changes, 2 for really messy changes), so that makes then last longer than the less expensive brands...I have had to use up to 8 of the less expensive brands for just a normal poop. When you have to use that many on a regular basis, they are not cheaper.
I love this wipes. very fresh, clean and I love that they're made with 99.9 % water and 1% fruit extracts.
The only wipes we use.
These wipes work great & are perfect for sensitive baby skin.
After going through many different types of wipes, I have found these to be the best for my son. It is the only wipe that does not give him a rash. I generally need to use about 2 to 3 wipes to clean a poop event. But that's okay since the box has 540 wipes.
I love that these are natural and chemical free which is the main reason I bought them. What I do no like is that when putting them in a wipe warmer box they do not come out one after the other as with any other wipes. You have to cram your fingers in the box and try to grab one and then 5 come out at once since they are all stuck together in a way that does not make sense. This is a big pain when your changing so many diapers a day and usually when you are reaching for more wipes it is because you are dealing with a messy diaper so time is of the essence and I cannot be digging around trying to pull each wipe out. My husband complained to me about the same issue with these wipes. I will be going back to honest wipes as they are larger than these and when you pull one out of the warmer box another one is right there ready to be pulled out next.
By far our favorite wipes. Maybe not the thickest, but the wettest by far. To me, that feels the cleanest and I find we use less wipes per dirty diaper. They also don’t irritate by little guy’s behind like so many do. And it feels ok to wipe hands, face, etc since they’re so pure. Just the best. Period.
Perfect for travel size packing for day or short trips.
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE Water Wipes. They're the next best thing to just using washcloths dampened with water. Because the solution is so basic they do not irritate my daughter's delicate baby bottom and they are still very great at cleaning up her messy poops and even for just wiping messy faces and hands. I will NEVER buy another brand of baby wipes. However, to get the best and most even use of the moisture in the package, it is best stored upside down for the first half use of each package in order to spread the wetness evenly. Otherwise you'll end up with really soggy end of the package wipes over dampened first use wipes. AND all packages come with a date stamp of when they were packaged and best when used by date for freshness.
These wipes are great. They are nice and gentle on my babies skin.
Have been using this ever since my little girl was born and she's now 20 months. Very moist and has had no reaction issues. Have been finding the best online price at Target the last couple of buys.
Love these... mostly water, nice and thick! Price is right and usually on sale at Target
HUGE FAN of Water Wipes. My daughter got a horrible rash when she was 3 months old, i was forced to changed diapers, cremes, soaps and even had to change wipes. Found out my daughter gets a reaction to anything that has fragrance on it. I have been using only water wipes since then. There are no types of chemicals or fragrances so I am able to use them for just about anything with her. Little hard to get out packaging so i just open the whole thing and put it in reusable tub. BEST WIPE EVER.
These are so great for babies with sensitive skin. Just wish they were a little cheaper.
I love WaterWipes! They’re gentle and soft. These are the only wipe that won’t give my baby diaper rash. This big box is the best way to go as far as value and convenience.
We used Huggies scent free before finding these and one evening my husband wiped his forehead with one and it said it burned. So I wiped my head and sure enough it stung so I thought "my poor kid no wonder why she says ow when we change her" I thought she was just being dramatic because diaper changes aren't her favorite. Well we found these and from the first use she stopped saying ow. We use them on my newborn son as well. The are a bit difficult to get out of the package. They come out in clumps sometimes but I love the product so much I wouldn't take a star away for that
best wipe for sensitive skin I've used so far
I love Water Wipes! We cloth diaper but couldn't quite commit to cloth wipes. I feel great about using these and I'm so happy I found a portable pack for her diaper bag. Can't say enough good things about how gentle these are. Only downside (or maybe it's a plus), is that I don't use them for all things (like hand/face wipe,etc...) like I have seen some friends do with other brands, only because a bit more expensive so like to make them last. I use washable, reusable wipes for cleaning up from meal time, outside time, etc... But these, coupled with CJs Butter and she has not had even one diaper rash.
My mom bought us these wipes to try with our newborn baby. We have tried many brands since we've received them as gifts, and these are our favorite. They are super soft for baby's skin and not too wet like many other wipes can be. My only complaint is that they are too expensive so I won't be buying them on a regular basis. I'd still recommend trying them especially if your baby has sensitive skin.
These are great! Work just as well as other wipes.
We don't use any other wipes!!
I like that there aren't any chemicals, but that's pretty much all I like about them. The wipes themselves are much smaller then any other wipe I've tried, so what would normally take one maybe two wipes took about 4 with these. They also didn't seem to "slide" very smoothly when trying to wipe, which made it difficult to get everything clean.
Love these wipes! However, the price is a little high.
I can't say enough good things about these wipes. When my son was born I had bought pampers sensitive wipes and parent's choice. To my surprise my son started reacting to both wipes. Then I remembet I had gotten one little pack of water wipes. Tried that for 2 days and no reaction. Yes these wipes are more expensive but the fact that they dont have any added chemicals it's what makes it great. So definitely a must have for me. If your baby has sensitive skin I would start with these wipes. And buy them in bulk I think its definitely a little cheaper.
Of all the natural, better-for-your-baby wipes, waterwipes are my favorite. You can buy a 400 pack of Babyganics wipes for the same price, but waterwipes are way better (plus, after using water wipes for a few months, I can no longer stand the smell of Babyganics wipes). Water wipes are all natural (for real), fragrance-free, sensitive, stretchy, and super moist. I have used Babyganics, Seventh Generation and Honest Co wipes before and prefer Water Wipes 1000% more.
These are the BEST on my little bub's sensitive skin! Made of great material to clean well too. Will continually be purchasing this big box for the value.
These are wonderful. No chemicals, so they give me great piece of mind that I'm not using chemicals on my baby multiple times a day! They stay wet, no problems, despite not having a great closure system on the package.
I love WaterWipes! They are easy to use, and I love knowing that our baby isn't getting exposed to a bunch of chemicals. Target was really great to work with for ordering these wipes, too.
My favorite wipes..very moist and soft
Love these wipes, take them when I travel, camp, anywhere! I searched a long time for a non toxic wipe after several of the brands I used to buy changed their ingredients. I have a recurring order so I'm never without!
loved them and been using them for my 3 months old since she was born. No rashes!
My babe had something called Jacquet's Dermatitis. We were using wet paper towels until I found these. Along with fragrance free desitin, it went away! One relieved momma!
I think these wipes are so much better for tender bottoms plus they are not so thick like other wipes.
When I first purchased these two years ago I loved them. But my last box seems rough. In the past the wipes were so soft and moist. I'd even use them on our faces- not so with this box!
I absolutely love these wipes! Since they are pricey, I usually only use them when my daughter has a diaper rash or a particularly nasty poop that the normal wipes can't clean up easily. My mother-in-law who is allergic to most skin products is absolutely thrilled that she does not react to these wipes so I now buy some for her too. The negative is the size is significantly smaller than all other wipes. They were already small when I started buying them nearly 18 months ago and I noticed in a shipment a few months ago that the price went up and the size became even smaller! I am still willing to buy them for now, but if there's another size reduction, then I will move on. Not sure why they can't just up the price and leave the size the same.
Ftm-I started my wiping journey with pampers sensitive wipes. Over 2 years later, Ive tried many brands (babyganics, huggies, cottonelle, store brands, etc.) and recently found Water Wipes. Im expecting baby #2 and will only be using these wipes! They feel soft, are a good size, gather poo well, are very moist, and no chemical blah. My son has extremely sensitive skin and does wonderfully with these.
Can't stand these. They don't have grooves so you have to use too many to get clean. Also, when you pull one out, the next one doesn't cling to it at all and you have to go digging in the package to get the next one. The cover also doesn't really keep the wipes staying wet. Had to transfer to my other reusable wipes container. I understand how they are being eco friendly not using the plastic top but I don't prefer these.
I have been making my own wipes, but lately they had been turning moldy - disgusting! These are exactly as they promise - water and grapefruit seed extract. They are nicely wet, which I am a big fan of, because if a wipe is dry, it just doesn't do the job. The only downside is price. If only wipes weren't so spendy!
These are the only wipes that don't give my son a rash- he has extremely sensitive skin. It's expensive but definitely worth it!
Best wipes, expensive though
These wipes have been considered has free of chemicals and hence we started using this, but slightly higher in price when compared to their competitors..
I loooooove these wipes..they are the best wipes ive ever used for my baby so far...no chemicals/smell and its not dry like some wipes..it may be thin but its soft and very wet...you can actually squeeze alot of water out...i guess thats why its called water wipes...very effective and i feel good using it on my baby.
These wipes are amazing!!! My litttle guy was having some formula sensitivity issues and had a pretty sore bottom. Once I switch to the water wipes it helped!! My only complaint, and it's minor, is make sure the pack is sealed in the diaper bag. Other wise all the contents could get wet. At least it's only water, and everything dried easily.
These are the only wipes I can use that do not affect my hands. All the other ones on the market have chemicals that I'm allergic to and would not dare put on my babies bottom
Love these wipes! Got them for free to try out and I will def be buying some! No smell or scent, not too dry and not too wet! Just perfect! They are thin but don't budge, they last through the job! Love and reccomend to anyone! I received this product complimentary for review purposes.
I like these wipes because they are natural and I think they are a better alternative to the traditional wipes. They were sent to me by Influenster for testing and review. The opinions are my own.
What usually takes multiple wipes with other products, took only one to clean my son's bottom. I love that these are water based. Perfect for my son's sensitive skin. The price is a little high, but comparing usage they are the same. I did receive this product free from influenster to review.
More recently, I am really into reading labels. I love that WaterWipes make it simple - just 2 ingredients: water and grapefruit seed extract (which is great it combating yeast)! I tried these with my little guy and I was impressed! They are moist, provide good friction to wipe his tiny bum and get the job done with one wipe. The only negative I found, was that within the larger package, they sometimes get stuck to each other easily. Go ahead and give these a try, you won't regret it! *I was given the opportunity to sample these courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes, but all opinions are my own.
Ok wipes but they are priced high compared to other brands that work just as well. But they are natural.
I love using these wipes because they are checmial free for a baby's sensitive skin. They only contain water and a small percentage of seed extract. Disclaimer: I received the product free from waterwipes USA and Influenster for sampling purposes. All opinions are my own.
So, I'm a mom of two boys.. two very messy boys and I always feel like I'm buying baby wipes! There have been some that I've tried and absolutely hate.. but these are a game changer! No harsh chemicals and super soft.. makes it easier to scrub their little faces or their little tushies! Definitely recommend! i did receive the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are your own
I really loved using water wipes on my daughter because they are great for sensitive skin due to simple ingredients (water, Grapefruit seed extract) and being chemical free. They smell great and do the job without flaw. I received this product free for reviewing purposes and all opinions are my own.
These are ok wipes, I still prefer a different brand. I have been using these on and off. They are non-alcohol, some people prefer these, I guess. I don't think I would buy these, but I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are your own
These are my favorite wipes hands down. Baby by has not had a single rash to date and I swear it's because we use Water Wipes! I wound up receiving these complimentary from Water Wipes and Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own. My opinion is that I'm in love!
I received a free, complimentary sample of these wipes from Influenster and overall they were alright! I like the fact that they are environmentally friendly, and are made up of mostly water (hence WaterWipes) Great for little ones with sensitive skin! @influenster #waterwipes @waterwipesusa
When my daughter was diagnosed with eczema, I had heard from other parents that these wipes were great to use on babies with allergic or sensitive skin. WaterWipes seem to be more durable than some other brands and I found that I used less wipes when changing a messy diaper. That said, the cost of these is hard to swallow. I've been using Pampers Sensitive with no issues to date and I don't know if I'm committed to these enough to make the switch. I'm thankful to Influenster and WaterWipes for sending these to me for sampling purposes and all opinions are my own.
I received these wipes complementary and I loved them after testing it out I purchase a box no more rashes or discomfort for my LO with sensitive skin
I love these, even for myself.
These wipes are great, they are scentless which is great for my kiddos with eczema. They are very gentle on the skin and void of alcohol so their bums don't get irritated and patchy. My only complaints are that they are difficult to get out of the package one handed and tend to stick together and the packaging is rather flimsy and branding could be improved. I received a complimentary pack of Water Wipes courtesy of Water Wipes and Influenster for sampling purposes. All opinions are my own!
I love these wipes. i normally use the cheap store brand wipes because you get more for your money but ive notuces that those wipes asre really dry and i have to use 5-6 to clean up anything. with water wipes it took 2 wipes to clean up a dirty diaper instead of the normal 4 i received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I received these free for testing purposes, then bought an additional 3 packages because I loved the ingredients! These are paraben free and toxic chemical free and totally safe for baby which I love!!! The downside is that the water settles and the packaging doesn't do a great job of keeping the water in. Your diaper bag or diaper box may suffer if not kept upright!
I love these wipes. I love that they are chemical free. I am cautious on what type of wipes i use on my sons. I love that these are always moist. Nothings worse than needing a wipe and its dry. Ive never had any issues with these wipes. Ive purchased this brand before. These were sent to me courtesy of water wipes and influenster. All opinions are my own.
I got my wipes for free to try through Influenster, I was excited to try them because they are chemical free, made with only 2 ingredients. We used them on a poopy diaper change and to clean up a messy face after snack time. I did think that when using them during a diaper change it was a little hard to get out of the package with just one hand, but if I used both hands like I did later, I didn't have any issues. I was kind of skeptical at first, but was pleasantly surprised! I liked how these worked and found that they cleaned up both messes very well.
WaterWipes are great! I love that they are simple - only contain 2 ingredients and are chemical free. They are wet enough to clean up with 1 wipe and work great for sticky hands and faces, too! [I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.]
Waterwipes are not for this baby. I really like that they have two ingredients and ones that I can actually pronounce! But there's still something that leaves me wanting more. It might be the texture, I can't really pin point it. But definitely try them out! I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are your own
Love our #complimentary #waterwipesUSA for testing purposes! I don't have to worry about them irritating my baby's bum or making a diaper rash worse! Thanks #influenster #contest @influenster @waterwipesusa
I tried this product and I was really impressed by its quality. The wipes were durable and sturdy and the smell was delightful. It really did well on my daughter's skin. I highly recommend this product. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I received these wipes for reviewing purposes from Influenster's vox. I have to say I love these wipes! I've purchased 3 since first trying them. They are safe, nontoxic and easy to use.
I was really happy with this product. The freshness and lightweight feeling are great, I will say the texture seemed different but I attribute it to the purity of the ingredients. Love that it eases the worry of harsh chemicals on my little ones. I have used these for hands, face and booty! Will definitely buy from now on. Thanks to Influenster and Water Wipes USA for letting me test these wipes complimentary for testing purposes but all opinions are my own.
I like these wipes, mostly because of the limited ingredients. My kid is past the diaper stage (woo!!!), so these were used for hands and face. They didn't irritate him at all and got the goo off just fine. They have a nice smell and don't feel soapy, like other wipes. My only downside, is the cost. I could just as easily soak some paper towels in water and throw them in a baggie (even if they were used during diapering). Note: I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own
The water wipes really exceeded my expectations. I have tried them on the messiest of diapers with great success. I love that they only use natural ingredients and water. Fabulous! I received a sample of water wipes complimentary for testing purposes from influenster.
I so happy when try these wipes for free . One they're chemical free they only contain 2 ingredients and plus they are hypoallergenic. In couple years this is what hospitals will be used do no chemicals . I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all options are your own . I would recommend anyone to used these there quality, softness and cost effective.
Although these were pricey, which is why we haven't purchased until now, they are worth the money! I am a chemist by trade and these are amazing. I hate how huggies wipes just tear and break apart and have always used pampers for that reason. These are on par with the quality of the pampers wipes but the ingredient list is what makes all the difference! I've heard too many scare stories with chemicals in wipes and we felt so safe using these! I love them and will continue to purchase. Great for washing hands and faces and the slight scent is just enough but not empowering for those who have sensitive skin and noses. We received our WaterWipes complimentary of Influenster and have purchased the full size since! All opinions are my own!
I felt like these wipes were decent. They cleaned my baby, but didn't leave her dry. They seemed too wet if you will I loved that the ingredient list was basic and that there was no scent. I would purchase these in the future. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
What a fabulous wipe! I've passed it many times in Target but never took the leap. I'm really happy that I got a chance to try this product out courtesy of Water Wipes & Influenster. I loved that they stayed wet days after opening and to the very end. They only contained two ingredients and I trusted to use them on my little fellas face. I received this product for sampling purposes and all opinions are my own.
Love! Just love!!!!!!!
I love these wipes! All natural & super clean. No oil feeling! Easy to take on the go & easy to use at home!
We recieved a complementary package of water wipes and they are great for my toddler who is messy and also has sensitive skin. They are priced a little higher than I'd usually pay for wipes but we loved them for clean up purposes. They aren't flushable so we didn't use them for potty time.
I received these wipes free from WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes. I have to say they are by far the best wipes I have ever used. Being a foster parent and Mother of 3 we have used tons upon tons of wipes. I had seen these wipes in the store and thought about trying but just never did. I used the wipes for a week and they are soft, pure, smooth, gentle and leave skin feeling awesome. I even used them on my face at night and love them. Most wipes leave skin with a sticky feeling after use but not WaterWipes, they left my skin and my sons skin feeling so soft and smooth. I have notice a change in my skin since using waterwipes in the evening to remove my makeup, my skin is so much clearer and looks great. I have had no skin irritations which is rare for me. We finished our free sample and have purchased them twice since and don't plan to go back to our old brand. We love WaterWipes.
I think they are decent wipes, they are durable, they clean pretty well but not any better than the store brand I normally buy. They are a bit expensive I think, especially for something used to wipe butts. I think water wipes are decent but not worth the price, so I'll stick to my cheap ones. I received this item free for testing, opinions are 100% my own.
I received this wipes through influencer and was impressed with the quality both on my baby and also taking off my makeup. I would recommend these for people who need sensitive skin wipes. I'm doubtful that I will buy them in the future, just because of price point, but I was impressed with the quality!
I love these wipes, they are chemical free and you can use them anywhere and anytime. They are gentle on newborn skin and are a good size cleaning up a poopy diaper. I order them in the value pack and get them delivered.
I received these complimentary from waterwipes and influenster, all of these opinions are my own. My daughter loved these. She especially loved the "pretty baby" on the package. They are chemical free and contain only water and grape seed extract. They were gentle on my daughter. The only downfall for me was how wet they were. It was like giving my daughter a bath each time I changed her diaper, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. All in all these were good wipes, however, the price point is a little high for me considering they will be used once and tossed.
Our daughter was sensitive to the pampers sensitive brand that I used with all the other babies and the water wipes did the trick. No more diaper rashes and I can use one wipe usually for most jobs! No weird smells. I like how moist they are compared to other brands such as huggies pampers up and up.
I received this product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes and absolutely fell in love once I started using them. They are perfectly moistened and soft, great for sensitive skin babies!
I have twin toddlers so needless to say I go through a lot of wipes! My girls also have very sensitive skin so I needed a product to both be cost effective and gentle enough that it wouldn't irritate skin. I get that with Waterwipes. I like that they are widely available and have very gentle ingredients that I can feel good about! They hold up well and keep my girls' skin happy. I really like this product! I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I love water wipes! The fact that they actually work, AND are chemical free is such a huge benefit! I think they work just as good as other wipes, but without the worry of chemicals. I highly recommend Water Wipes! I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are your own
I received this product as a free test pack from Influenster and water wipes. I loved that they were chemical free and gentle so they were great to use if you needed to wipe down little ones hands or face however when it came to the yucky stuff like diapers I found myself using more than I needed to because they weren't very thick and they didn't have any "grooves" in them to help clean well enough. Overall though a pretty good product
These are amazing wipes! So gentle and effective. I love that they don't have any crazy chemicals and I know they are safe for my baby. I received these wipes complimentary from Influenster to test and review. All opinions are my own.
Being a parent is a very stressful job constantly worrying if you are making the right choices for your children. If the Water Wipes are one of your choices then you have one less thing to stress about. Two ingredients: water and fruit extract. It doesn't get any better than this. Zero chemicals. No scent(any king of fragrance is on my NO list). They are good for my baby's sensitive skin. I love this product and I highly recommend it. I received this product complimentary for testing purposes only from WaterWipes and Influenster. All opinions are my own.
I got these Wipes for free as a testing purpose. I loved the moisture content and simplicity of them. No chemical, sold. My little fair skinned child had no issues with these are her bum. I wish the price was a little lower.
These wipes are great! I always over grab wipes, but you don't need a lot with Water Wipes. They are soft and not overly scented. My babes didn't have an reactions. I am curious if they would start to mold after awhile due to lack of preservatives, but wipes never last long enough around here to find out. #contest #waterwipes #influenster #voxbox @influenster @waterwipesusa I received these products complimentary from Influenster and WaterWipes for testing purposes.
I received these wipes free of charge courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes; however, all opinions are 100% my own. My kids both have sensitive skin, prone to eczema flare-ups. My son, who is potty training, gets diaper rash so easily. Knowing these wipes are all natural and contain nothing but water and grapefruit seed extract makes me feel confident these won't irritate my kids' skin. I have used them to wipe poopy bottoms and to wipe faces and hands, and we've had no adverse reaction. Some wipes, even those that are unscented and/or designed for sensitive skin, cause my son to break out in a rash when I use them on his face. He is 2.5 and loves a mess, so it's nice to have a quick wipe I can grab without worrying if it will bother him. These are 30% more expensive than our existing preferred brand, however, so I had to remove one star for value. I will buy these to keep in my car/on-the-go for when I need to wipe faces, but I will continue to use my regular brand for hands, bottoms, etc. for cost efficiency.
Received these amazing Water Wipes complimentary of Influenster and this my personal opinion of th wipes: amazing. I'm so glad because these are the only wipes that have not made Adelyn break out in a rash! We are never going back to other brands. #contest @influenster #waterwipes @waterwipesusa
I love these wipes. The fact that they contain only two ingredients (water and grapefruit extract) boggles my mind. They work just as well as the better-known brands. My toddler has sensitive skin and these being hypoallergenic made me excited to try them. So far, they've been a total win. I feel comfortable using them during diaper changes, as well as during meal times and anytime we're making a mess. I will definitely be picking more up, and including these in all of my baby shower gifts in the future. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
Both of my kids have really sensitive skin so diaper changes were always a bit rough. But these are perfect! So gentle and with minimal ingredients but very effective. I received a complimentary pack of Water Wipes courtesy of Water Wipes and Influenster for sampling purposes. All opinions are my own!
These wipes are great! They are soft and gentle on babies. They're perfect for children with sensitive skin because they're 99.9% water and are unscented. I would definitely recommend these wipes to someone who has a child with sensitive skin. I did receive these wipes complimentary courtesy of water wipes and influenster but all opinions are my own.
All three of my boys have very sensitive skin. These wipes have been gentle, yet effective with no redness, or adverse effects. I love that I can even use these wipes on the boys' faces with out fear of blotching or bumps! Great product. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I received these free to try from Influenster, but I feel like they're a little flimsy maybe? I like the no scent or soap aspect for sensitive skin, and they are soft, but not great for #2s or anything sticky as I feel like they tear easier than the huggies sensitive wipes I usually use. Nice for faces and fingers though.
I received this item to try for free. I liked the wipe. We used the Wipes on my toddler and I used it to removed makeup at the end of the day. Although I did like Wipes, they didn't necessarily work better than the Wipes I normally use. The ingredients seem better for you so that makes it better I guess.
I got this a sample of this product for free through Influenster and WaterWipes. I am so glad I got to try this product. It's got a clean smell, but no harsh chemicals. It didn't irritate my daughter's skin at all. I would definitely consider purchasing these wipes myself.
I know it sounds like such a poor rating, but it really isn't. I'm just indifferent towards these wipes when compared to my all-time favorite that I have used in the last 10 years on my 3 kids. They didn't blow me out of the water, but I also didn't abhor them either. Pros: Very soft, light scent, gentle on skin, two ingredients The issue I have with them, other than the price point, is that they are really stretchy and that can be a little difficult to maneuver when changing a soiled diaper. They don't tear, which is great, but they are on the opposite side of the spectrum. I received a sample of the product courtesy of WaterWipes and Influenster to test out and share my opinions.
I've tried many diaper wipes with my son and he's has pretty sensitive skin which leads to break outs if I use the wrong ones. I love the fact that Waterwipes only contain 2 ingredients and are hypoallergenic. The wipes themselves are pretty sturdy for wiping so no tears but pretty soft and gentle on the skin. The only thing you would have to worry about is them being dry at the top since the water settles at the bottom but all you have to do it shake it around to evenly distribute the liquid. I did receive this product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own!
I love these water wipes that I received from influenster complimentary. They are soft on my daughter's sensitive skin, I can use them to clean her face as well as when I'm changing her diapers. They are great for sticky mess easy clean up. And they are mostly water so you know you aren't putting any harsh chemicals on your baby's skin.
I received this product to try for free in exchange for my honest review. I am not overly impressed with this product. I don't see the difference between this and the unscented wipes I buy for much cheaper. If I were concerned with the chemicals I could make my own wipes with essential oils for much cheaper. Will most likely not be buying this product.
love everything about these wipes. just pricey and wish they had the top cover on them. still love them. gentle and smells good
These wipes are awesome! I love the fact that there's only 2 ingredients in them and not a bunch of crazy chemicals. I wish I would've known about these sooner! My one complaint is they do have quite an excess amount of water once you start to finish up the packet but all you gotta do us squeeze some out and you're good to go. I've also noticed it takes a bit more wipes to get the job done. Overall I'd say these are a great purchase especially if your kiddo has sensitive skin. I received this product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I received a sample of these wipes free from Influenster. I've been using Babyganics and Honest Company wipes for my son since he was born, but both cause a rash if I try to use them to use them on his face. He has very sensitive skin. I was happy to find these. I love that I can use them on his face with no problem. I also love that they are very wet. You do need to wipe a bit more with these than other wipes, but they do a great job.
I was able to write a review for these amazing wipes through Influenster and Waterwipes!! I can honestly say these wipes does the job. I enjoy the smell and I'm sure my daughter enjoys being cleaned. Thanks Influenster and Waterwipes for giving me the chance to review these. I received this product complimentary for review purposes.
I received these complimentary to try and review. I used for my son as he has sensitive skin and I didn't want him to use something that would hurt his bum. Iike the way that they are very simple and only have 2 ingredients. They don't have a scent, which is great for me. I received from Influenster, so full disclosure here, I still liked them and now will buy.
I absolutely loved this wipes. Yes... was a real lot of water... but I appreciate it being just that (and just a bit of fruit) and no chemicals pumped all over it. I love scents but i cab deal with the smell of "nothing" because i know it's a natural product. The wipes itself cleaned my son up pretty well. Besides the super wet butt LOL. They were great. I will definitely try them again in the very very near future. Thanks to Influester I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are based on my own honest opinion.
I love these wipes! After receiving them for testing purposes from Influenster, I will only buy this brand of wipes!
These wipes have easily became my new favorite. They are super saturated and make cleaning any mess or bum fast and easy. The ingredients are great for sensitive skin and my baby loves them as well. They were sent to me for free for complementary testing purposes from Influenster. However all opinions are my own!
Baby Waterwipes are great for babies with sensitive skin! My little Bransons bottom kept breaking out with every other wipe used until I switched to these. They are so gentle and absorbent enough for the dirtiest messes! I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are your own
WaterWipes have worked well for my baby and I. They seemed similar to other wipes we have used. I feel like they did a good job of getting her bottom clean without using harsh chemicals. I think they are expensive for wipes. I received this product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I received these water wipes @influenster for free in exchange for my honest review. They are awesome! No scent, no chemicals, just water. I used less of these wipes while changing a diaper then I would using other wipes. #waterwipes #influenster #lovethem
I really enjoyed these wipes! No smell to them and they felt great! No complaints from my toddler either :) They don't seem to dry out fast either! Would definitely recommend! I received these wipes for my honest opinion from Influenster.
These wipes are amazing! I am a mommy of 2 and when it comes to messes or changing babies diapers these are the ones I go to. I love that they have no harsh chemicals. I use them myself to clean off make up. I received this product from influenster to test all of my opinions are my own.
I love waterwipes. They are chemical free which is extremely important to me. They were very soft and never lacked moisture. My son reacted very well to them and they definitely did a good clean up job. I would highly recommend these wipes. *I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I was new to water wipes before receiving them as a part of the Influenster voxbox campaign. They came at a perfect time, when we needed a travel sized pack for a trip we were taking. Loved the softness, scent and they cleaned up perfectly. My daughter has very sensitive skin and didn't have any reaction to these. Knowing they are all natural helped me to love them even more. Highly recommend! We will be purchasing Water Wipes in the future.
These wipes are the best! They are perfect for any age and leave the skin feeling clean. Definitely a go to for wipes.
These wipes were good. They weren't amazing. I do like that they are essentially just water, but I could do that at home, for free!
I got these WaterWipes free from Influenster to review. They are gentle and soft but they smell weird. I would buy them but I do not like them any more than other wipes. The wipe itself is a little flimsy.
Amazing and worth the price. My daughter has super sensitive skin and would constantly get a rash unless I washed her during every change. With these wipes I don't need to wash anymore the wipes are great and don't give her a rash. Life is much much simpler
The Water Wipes brand of baby wipes are the newest and best thing to be made for a super sensitive baby bottom. Both of my girls had such sensitive bottoms that I really had to be careful with what I used on them. These wipes are so gentle and only have water and a tiny percentage of fruit extract in them. They are chemical free, non toxic and hypo allergic. Thanks to Influenster and Water Wipes for letting me trying these wipes and turning me on to them permanently with a complimentary package to get me started.
I love using these wipes on my daughters sensitive skin its hard to believe there is only 2 ingredients! Yet they are so effective, strong and durable! I did receive this product for reviewing purposes to give a honest review.
I have tried several other more natural wipes and while I love going the more natural route I really want a product that works and I feel like this product does just as well, if not better than conventional name brand wipes and the ingredient list is so much better! Finally a product you can love using and feel good about putting on your precious little one! I received a sample of this product in exchange for my honest opinion.
I was excited when I received these wipes complimentary to test because I was curious about the chemical free and if they would really work. We loved these wipes. Only had to use 1 or 2 to get our baby completely clean. Great knowing that these are chemical free for our little one!
I am so glad I got a chance to try these wipes . They are soft, contain no chemicals or extra stuff. With that said, it does not make my baby breakout and I can use it for clean up without worrying about them hurting anyone of anything. I wish I would have discovered these sooner! I will definitely switch to buying Water Wipes or at least add it to my list. I wish they were cheaper! I have also been spreading the word about them already! I received this product complimentary for review purposes.
Shortly after my daughter was born almost two years ago I bought our first pack of Water Wipes. I was really intrigued by the fact that they only had 2 ingredients and wanted to give them a try. As a mom I am always trying to find products that have fewer chemicals, are gentle on my kids, and actually work. These wipes are extremely gentle even on newborns and work SO well. I was really impressed with how well they worked. They are really soft too. We use them for diaper changes as well as wiping hands and faces and noses. Another point I have to say is that I love that they do not have a perfume fragrance. I have only purchased these wipes since then and highly recommend them to all of our friends. Recently I received a complimentary pack of Water Wipes courtesy of Water Wipes and Influenster for sampling purposes. All opinions are my own.
I received a complimentary sample of the water wipes. I really love how moist these wipes are and that they do not contain harsh chemicals. They are gentle yet effective on baby. I however believe they cost a bit much, as I have already purchased one pack at full retail. I received this product complimentary for review purposes.
I love that these wipes don't irritate my baby's skin and it doesn't have and scented perfume in them and no chemicals I like that they are hypoallergenic I received this product complimentary for review purposes.
Absolutely love these Water wipes, perfect for any task changing diapers, cleaning hands, wiping high chairs or cleaning toys. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes all opinions are my own .
I was skeptical to try these. I felt they wouldn't clean well enough or do much. They have surpassed all my expectations and are amazing. My little guy is super sensitive and since these have nothing in them they have been great. I did receive a free package to try from Influenster and Waterwipes but these are my own opinions.
These wipes are good, but not amazing. I like that they are chemical free so my baby won't get irritated skin from using them all day. They smell nice but are just too expensive for me. I am on a very tight budget, but if you are not and can afford these then I would definitely recommend them!
I was given a complimentary pack of these wipes to try and I was very impressed! I am always looking for wipes to help clean up my kiddos face at messy times and I really don't like using baby wipes by their eyes and mouth. These wipes are chemical free and have no odor. They also stay very wet. I highly recommend them and will be purchasing them again.
These wipes were perfect for just after my son's circumcision. They were gentle and one was sufficient to clean everything. They did have a unique slippery feel to them, but it didn't seem to effect the efficiency. The one drawback was the package was impossible to open one handed, so I moved it to a reusable container which helped immensely. However, I found that the wipes didn't interlink so it made it hard to pull them out one right after another. I'd buy these wipes if they were available at my usual shopping center. I got these wipes from @Influenster and @waterwipes for testing purposes. All opinions are my own.
I absolutely love the waterwipes...my daughter has very sensitive skin and these are perfect. *I received this product complimentary for testing purposes only from WaterWipes and Influenster. All opinions are my own. After receiving I immediately went & bought more but the only gripe I have is the price...they're double the price of most name brand competitors...
I recently received these wipes courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes and to give my unbiased review. I will admit, they took some getting used to. Regular wipes seem to glide on the skin more where as the waterwipes tend to pull at the skin a bit. The reason most likely being because of the extra ingredients in the other wipes but over all the quality and texture of these are wonderful. I will be purchasing these in the near future and absolutely recommend these to others!
I absolutely loved these wipes! My 3 year old daughter recently had a tummy virus and was going through several pull-ups more than usual. I used the WaterWipes in place of our usual brand and am now a convert. Despite the massive diaper blowouts, I only needed to use a few wipes to clean her up. They weren't irritating to her VERY sensitive skin, which was a huge bonus. I am sticking with these from now on.
I received this complimentary from Influenster to review. With these, you're playing for the zero harsh chemicals. They don't glide across skin as well as other brands. Personally, I wouldn't buy them on my own, as regular wipes work better and I'm not concerned about the chemicals in them.
I loved using Water Wipes to clean my 2 and 1 year olds' diapers. My kids have sensitive skin and they were unscented wipes. They were very moist and durable wipes which made it very easy to clean up their little bums. I received Water Wipes free in exchange for my honest opinion.
I received a sample of these wipes from Influenster and WaterWipes to review; all opinions are my own. I love these wipes. They literally feel like water. There is no scent. Thumbs up. They were also very moist. My daughter has sensitive skin and these did not irritate her. I just wish the wipe size was bigger. I found I had to use too many than I usually do.
I for one am impressed with these wipes! They get the job done and are the most natural product I've found. I love that they are more convenient then making my own wipes and are of the same integrity. Thanks water wipes! I received this product complimentary for testing purposes only from WaterWipes and Influenster. All opinions are my own.
I really actually enjoyed the sample of these I received. They didn't have a harsh chemically smell, and they didn't make my kiddos bottom brake out in a rash which was great. I liked them and look forward to using them again. Wish they were a tiny bit thicker, but that's all I would change. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I received water wipes free to try. I love the idea of no harsh chemicals on my babies bum. They have a nice light, clean smell. I gave them 4 stars because as other reviewers mentioned, they do have a wierd texture. Almost slippery.
Received these wipes from influenster for free. I really like them and actually went to target and bought more. I love how gentle they are and that there is literally 2 ingredients. However, I wish the wipe had some texture to it to help grab things off the little baby bums.
I received this complimentary from Influenster. They are a great product. Soft, affordable, and gentle. I received this product complimentary for review purposes.
I was able to try a complimentary sample of these wipes thanks to Influenster and I was happy with the result but wasn't all that impressed between this wipe and the Huggies wipes that I normally use so I probably wouldn't go out of my way to buy them.
I really love that these are chemical free, with babies that have sensitive skin you always worry about what chemicals are in the products you use and with these I have no worries. These wipes are very moist and they are unscented for those with sensitive noses. They clean very well and depending on the type of mess you do not need to use but one or two wipes, I also use them for face cleaning. I received a sample of these wipes complimentary for testing purposes from Influenster and Waterwipes all opinions are 100% my own.
We got these wipes towards the end of our wipe using times. My daughter is 2, we will be potty training this summer and sadly won't be needing these awesome wipes. In the few weeks that we HAVE been using them, we have experienced no breakouts, no rashes, no itchiness and these wipes clean with the best of them. I have no problems letting my toddler clean her face, her lips, arms, or anything really, with these, because they only have TWO (yup two) main ingredients, water and grapefruit. No chemicals, no additives, simple, natural, and very effective. At the end of the day, we all want what is best for our baby. We want them to be healthy, we want them to be happy. Let’s break that thought process down to something very basic, a burning/painful bum equals an unhappy baby. Most babies have some type of diaper rash come around in their short little lives, and it makes baby (and parents) very unhappy. Other babies have chronic conditions like Eczema. These wipes were awarded the National Eczema Association Seal of Acceptance. These wipes are also hypoallergenic (hence the award from the NEA), but they aren't as rough as a washcloth...which leads me into what I’m sure you are asking yourself, well, if they only have two ingredients why don't I just use a washcloth and grapefruit to clean my little blessings bum? You can, go ahead! These wipes are softer and less abrasive than your average washcloth, they are also easy to store and well (first world problems) disposable. I don't cloth diaper, I don't consider myself a crunchy momma, but if that is you, kudos, you have my respect! I'm just a full time working momma with a spirited toddler that has more energy than an army of squirrels that drank a case of red bull. These wipes make me feel better about tossing one behind me while I'm driving and my (still rear facing...see crunchy mommas, I CAN do something!) toddler eats her fast food lunch in the car between running errands and getting oil changed. Life is busy, life is chaotic, a baby or toddler with a burning bum and a bad attitude will make it even worse! These wipes offer a slice of simplicity in our busy first world, go ahead and give them a shot, you will not be disappointed. And yes, I did receive the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are your own.
I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised by these wipes. I have tried several wipes (brands, types, etc.), and never found one I liked more than a sensitive formula of a major diaper brand. But then I tried these. They were soft, smelled nice, and actually cleaned! My youngest managed to get sticky food all over his face, and I was able to easily clean it all off with one of these wipes. No scrubbing. Just gentle wiping. Thrilled with these! I received these courtesy of WaterWipes and Influenster for sampling purpose. The opinions here are my own.
Im torn on these wipes.. Whether like them or not. I do like them e they are free of all harsh chemicals and my baby is very sensative and constantly getting rashes, but with water wipes he didnt! I do not like them because like others have said they are very thin which makes it not so strong to wipe with and found myself needing to double up. I did however like all the extra water because each diaper change i had a little extra water i could squeeze from the wipe to get it even cleaner.
We got these water wipes Free from influenster and we really like them! They are not heavily scented and contain no harsh chemicals. They clean well and leave skin feeling fresh. Would recommend
We love these wipes! We were sent them to test out and review through influenster. They have a very faint smell which is great, and they are very gentle on my daughters sensitive skin. I don't have to worry about what is going into her skin with these wipes. Would definitely purchase these.
I have 3 kids and this comes in very handy. Its very gentle to the skin and very moist unlike other brands.I received this product courtesy of Waterwipes and Influenster for sampling purposes but all my opinions are my own.
I try to use very minimal chemicals on my 19 month old and was pleased to read about how these were all natural. The wipes were very moist and wet which makes cleaning off the booty area much easier. However, I was not pleased with the actual wipes themselves. They felt rough almost like the feel of a wet dryer sheet. This type of texture is not gentle to an area that is prone to rashes and irritation. The least bit of rubbing could cause the area to get reddened (sometimes a little rubbing is necessary from a sticky poop). I'll stick to the wipes that I've been using that have a quilted pattern and feel more like cloth. I received this product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are your own.
I received this product free for testing purposes only and I was pretty impressed with the quality of the wipes. My daughter has very sensitive skin and these really helped out. I just wished the pack hasd more than 10 to get a better review
I loved these wipes. My little goob has a pretty sensitive bottom and is constantly getting rashes. After I used these wipes for a few days, I noticed that her rashes started to improve! They don't have a scent (which is a plus. NO CHEMICALS!) and are simply water and grapefruit extract! They clean her bottom just as well as the other wipes I've used, but this mama rests assured knowing that they are harmless and natural. They are a little pricier than the other wipes I've used, but I guess it all works out if I'm not buying so much diaper rash cream! I received these wipes courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
We got picked to do a review on water wipes for influenster!! We were excited bc we have been wanting to try the water wipes. When we received them I threw them in the diaper bag bc I figured the best place to test them would be on the go!! We have a 4 year old and also a 7 month old both of which have incredibly sensitive skin! I have always used the huggies natural but after using the water wipes for just a few days we have completely switched to water wipes!! We have them everywhere!! They are in every vehicle and every bag and also sports bags!! I love that it's only 2 ingredients and that you know exactly what you are using on your child!! I'm not afraid to use them to wipe their faces off so we have done away with the face wipes in our bag!! Love them!!
Overall product is great. Wipes weren't too thin, had a good smell and even good for babies with sensitive skin! Got these free to test from Influenster!
I like Water Wipes because they are gentle of babies' skin especially if they are prone to diaper rash. I am happy to see that Target is selling them now, because when I first started using them a few years ago they were hard to find. I recently received a sample of Water Wipes for free. However, I have been been using Water Wipes for a few years.
These wipes area absolutely amazing i love the fact that they are hypoallergenic and feel great. i am making a switch to these! I received a freem sample from influenster and waterwipes
So far using WaterWipes on my kids has been a positive result. The kids can get them and clean themselves and to me it seems as if they do work better than other brand of wipes I've bought in the past. These definitely are added to our shopping necessities.
After a week of only using the water wipes, I give 4 stars! The quality of the wipes are actually fabulous. I was expecting them to not clean very well due to mostly being plain water, however, I was very surprised and I really like them. From the mother of a child with sensitive skin, her bum was very picky on which wipes we could use without her getting red from the chemicals in normal wipes. I'm glad to say that these wipes never once bothered her! The price point is a little higher than I hoped, however, a big believer in quality so I will still buy them! My only complaint is how hard it is to pull the wipes out of the packaging and then apart. I can definitely see past this issue for the quality given! Great job waterwipes! Please note: I received this item complementary from Influenster in exchange for my honest opiniom.
I enjoyed using the water wipes no redness or irritation. Perfect for the go or emergency backup.
I thought these were awesome. They felt so natural, and I loved that they were scent free. Super great.
I received these wipes for testing purposes and ended up LOVING them. They are very sturdy, stay moist for a long time and do not dry out like other brands, and I love that they are natural and only contain 2 ingredients. My daughter has sensitive skin and these are great not only for her bottom, but work well for a face wipe too. I received these wipes courtesy of WaterWipes and Influenster, but the opinions are all my own.
Love these wipes! With only 2 ingredients they make you feel more comfortable using on the sensitive baby.. would have gotten 5 stars if I didn't think the price was a little much. I received a sample pack of wipes free from influenster in exchange for an honest review.
I received a sample of #waterwipes to review. We instantly fell in love! No more irritation. We went out and bought a box! @waterwipes @influenster We received the product(s) complimentary to test and/or review “free” #waterwipes #contest @waterwipesusa @influenster
I love these wipes they have no strong perfume smell like other wipes. The best part is the 2 ingredients are water and grape seed extract. I was surprised that it didn't irritate or give my daughter a rash since she does have very sensitive skin. thumbs up from this momma! I've received this product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are your own.
As a parent of a baby with sensitive, eczema prone skin I can tell you these wipes are amazing! Diaper rash and irritation is almost none existent and they are more sturdy than the leading brand wipes. Even better I was able to save money with Cartwheel! I received a free sample size of WaterWipes from Influenster in exchange for an honest review.
These wipes are great! They don't dry out quickly, you only need one or two wipes to clean your baby, and the best part is that they don't include any chemicals–only water and grapefruit seed extract! I will definitely be buying more and recommend to other mommas! I love it! Great Product!!I received this product complimentary for testing purposes only from WaterWipes and Influenster. All opinions are my own.
Love that there natural and have no chemicals that can harm my babies skin. There really easy to use and super easy to dispose. Thank you waterwipes and @Influenster for giving me the opportunity to try them for free.
I was sent these complimentary for review by @influenster and Im so glad to have received them. Im trying to go more natural in my household and I trust these with all natural ingredients. They stay moist in the package even in my car and when its hot outside. They are very soft and nice size. My 2 year old daughter has had a cold recently and fights me to wipe her nose every time and with these wipes she didn't fight at all. She even had a smile on her face. These get a big toddler 2 thumbs up!
I got to try a small sample pack of these from influenster for free in exchange for my honest review. The texture of these wipes seemed to hold onto more, which means less wipes needed, also the fact that they are chemical free makes me happy because I have two very sensitive skinned children I definitely recommend these and will be purchasing them again
I received a sample of these wipes through Influenster. Being very picky about wipes, I was ready to test them out. The texture is great! Not rough at all. They also clean very well!
I think these wipes are ok. Not the best but if you're looking for a chemical free wipe, this is it. Having said that it is difficult to wipe a baby's bottom smoothly. I would not recommend this product to a friend.
I received these wipes from Influenster to test out, I love them!! They work great and only need like 1-2 wipes to clean your baby. I also love that these wipes have no chemicals in them.
I really love these Water Wipes! I am always on the lookout to decrease the chemicals my babe is exposed to, and these being just water & grapefruit seed extract totally fit the bill. Plus they make her just as clean as regular baby wipes! Can't beat that. I received this product complimentary for testing purposes only from WaterWipes and Influenster. All opinions are my own.
I received these free to try and review. They are a great product and only contain 2 ingredients. They leave baby's skin soft and freshened. I totally trust them with my children's bottoms!
I love that these wipes are chemical free! We use wipes not just for cleaning butts, but also wiping faces, hands, and random surfaces around the house. Every now and then my daughter even suck on wipes when we're cleaning her face. When these came in the mail we were fighting a stubborn diaper rash and the other wipes seemed to make baby girl squirm around and "run" from getting her diaper changed. Using these she squirmed less and I can tell it did not irritate her bum. While they are pricier than most wipes, I will use these when dealing with diaper rash as it doesn't irritate the broken skin. I received these free to try out from Influnester.
I received these wiped courtesy of Water Wipes & Influenster free for sampling purposes and tried them on my newborn for a couple days. What I really liked about these wipes was how well they retained moisture! I've used all kinds of wipes and they generally become dry once exposed to air. However, these are "wet" enough that I can clean my child's bottom with only one wipe. They are great for wiping hands and faces as well! They are chemical free, which is nice and I appreciate that there isn't a scent. These wipes are gentle on my newborn's skin, which is great and I have already recommended these wipes to my sister in law, as she has two sons. I've enjoyed using these wipes and will definitely recommend them.
I received a sample pack of these wipes complimentary from Influenster & WaterWipes. I was highly impressed! They work great and I love that there's no chemicals in it! I will be purchasing these again!
I loved these Wipes and so did my daughter. They're gentle on the skin, I love the fact that they're natural, they smell good for not being scented, they're just all around a great product and I would most definitely recommend these to my friends with babies!
i was lucky enough to get a sample for testing purposes from waterwipes and influenster for my honest opinion. All opinions are my own. I wasnt to sure about these water and grapeseed oil, how well is this going to work, was my thought. Once I tried them i was hooked. There are only 2 ingrediants water and grapeseed oil. No chemicals! Hypoallergenic, very safe for babies bottom,face,hands, anywhere on baby or yourself! So if you or someone you know is having a little bundle of joy highly recommend these!
I received a complementary sample pack of water wipes from Influenster. These wipes are quite good. They retain moisture, they are unscented, and clean very well comparable to huggies wipes. It's awesome because I'm able to use fewer wipes on my toddler with these than using 4-5 wipes when he goes poop. Very clean. Definitely recommend!
These wipes are some of the best wipes I have ever used! They are 99% water which is amazing. They are very soft and they get the job done. I most definitely suggest everyone tries these if they want an amazing chemical free baby wipe. [product:waterwipes-baby-wipes] I received this product complimentary for review purposes.
If your little one has sensitive skin you NEED to give these wipes a shot, they have been my go to! I love they're chemical free and won't irritate my baby's cheeks because of his eczema. I've never been more comfortable recommending a baby product to friends and family they make cleaning after feeding baby so easy the wipes are so soft and moist. I received the baby wipes courtesy of @influenster & @waterwipesusa for sampling and review purposes all opinions are MY OWN!
These are wonderful wipes! They are definitely the wettest wipes I have come across. They are gentle enough to tackle the biggest poop explosion without rubbing the skin raw. The only downside is they are quite expensive. I received these from Influencer for testing purposes.
I really like the texture of these wipes. They are thick and soft, and I like the wetness of the product. I also like how it is mostly water. I do wonder however, how good/bad they are for the environment. The cotton-like feel makes me wonder if they take longer to break down than other wipes. I received this product free from Water Wipes and Influenster for sampling and reviewing purposes, but all opinions are my own.
***Influenster had given me these wipes for free for testing purposes.*** I have to say that I was a bit skeptical about these wipes when I first received them. Two ingredients? Water wipes? Seems like I could just grab a piece of toilet paper and run it under the sink and it would be the same thing. But, I was wrong. These wipes had a really fresh feel. The did the job just like any wipe would and I didn't have to worry about what sort of chemicals or ingredients were touching my child. Knowing exactly what ingredients were in my wipes made me feel better about wiping off her hands with them, knowing she would be putting her hands in her mouth at some point after. Great product!
Awesome wipes. I love that there is nothing chemical in these. I feel comfortable using these on my little one. The whole family actually liked these.
Always a great peace of me and knowing you are going natural for your precious Lil one.Great for touchy rashes,I noticed less sting while using, I'd reccomend!
Being a mom of a toddler having wipes on hand is a MUST because your toddler is bound to get dirty, especially boy. They WON'T stop playing until they are good and ready, no time for a bath, just time for a quick wipe clean up. Thanks to @WaterwipesUSA and @Influenster I got to sample wipes that are Chemical free! They are 99.9% water and 0.1% Fruit Extract, 100% natural. In an essence the world's purest baby wipes as stated on the package. They are gentle on sensitive skin and as convenient as any other baby wipe. Truly made clean up of my little monkey easy and simple. I received this product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are your own.
These are some of my favorite wipes. Not only are they all natural but they stay nice and wet. They are also pretty big so you can use one and be done! I received these free from Influenster but will be buying my own now.
I LOVE the feeling of these wipes. They have enough moisture also so that you aren't overusing. The smell is really faint but sweet and natural. I also love that there is nothing to these that I wouldn't want on my sweet boy's skin. They contain just two ingredients: Water and a drop of grapefruit seed extract. Fun fact–grapefruit seed extract is actually a natural skin conditioner known for its moisturizing benefits. And they are hypoallergenic. As it should be. Def a new favorite. Alos, should be noted that for sticky hands and faces, these are the best thing in the world. For real. One wipe, everything is gone, the skin is left soft underneath. I received a sample of these wipes to try for free. I do not get anything for writing a positive review, and I am not swayed in any way to skew my perspective. I am given a sample in exchange for my honest review after using the product.
I received a complementary pack of wipes from Influenster and Water Wipes in exchange for my honest review. I love these wipes. They retain moisture so much better than a typical wipe. They are unscented, and clean very well. I typically use 2 to 3 wipes when changing a messy diaper or 1 to 2 wipes when cleaning faces and hands. While using water wipes, I only had to utilize our one white per diaper change or for one hand and face cleaning. After a week of using, even down to the last wipe they were still very moist. The wipes are rather hard to get out of the travel pack, not sure about the regular pack for purchase. The price point is a little high but worth the money when it comes to my sons instead of skin sensitive skin.
LOVE these wipes! I am into all natural products, and the fact that these wipes consist of water and fruit oil makes me feel good knowing that I am not wiping any questionable chemicals onto myself!
Love complimentary samples, especially chemical free ones. What safer wipe is there? 99.9% water and the other .1% Grapefruit seed extract. Pure Perfection. I received this product complimentary for review purposes.
I got this product for free from Influenster to test out and all of my opinions are my own. I am so glad I got to sample this product because now it is a staple in my sons backpack. I didn't use them for diaper changes but I did use them to clean him up (face and hands) while we were on the go and they were PERFECT! The wipes were soft, strong and moist enough to clean up after a meal or from play (because kids love dirt). With no chemicals I felt ok to have him use these and continue on with whatever he was doing without worrying about him ingesting anything. Definitely a great find!
My baby is 2 weeks old and has sensitive skin like all newborns. I put these wipes to the test against the national brand I usually use. I was surprised how well they cleaned his bum with just one wipe! They left his skin soft and clean and didn't dry it out or cause a rash like other wipes I've tried. I will definitely be buying more of these! I received a free sample of the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
As a mom of four, I have definitely gone through my fair share of wipes. With our last little one (born in March), we were interested in trying new wipes. Our kiddos have a history of dry/sensitive skin and most wipes on the market seemed to irritate them. I was lucky enough to have the opportunity to try these wipes for free courtesy of Water Wipes and Influenster and am so glad I did! No skin irritation on our little lady! Water wipes are different than other wipes on the shelves because they only have 2 ingredients and are hypoallergenic! And priced very well!
I have two littles, a 4 year old and 2 year old. The four year old is completely potty trained and our 2 year old is at about 85%. While we don't have any babies in the house at this point, I still use wipes to help the boys on the toilet. The WaterWipes Baby Wipes were a pleasant surprise. After reading the description, I was excited to see what they would feel like and how well they would work, given that they had no chemicals. I am happy to say they worked perfectly. They did the cleanup job they were supposed to do and they are incredibly soft. I was worried they might be stiff, like some generic brands, but they were very soft and pliable. We are a cloth diapering family and use cloth wipes as well, however, we still carried disposable wipes with us when traveling. I will definitely pick some of these up for the road, especially when our family grows again. I received the free sample product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I love these wipes they are soft, chemical free and 100% natural. My son has sensitive akin so this is very important in a wipe. They smell great and my baby loves them! I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I liked how thick and wet the wipes were. They had a bit of an odd smell to me, almost reminded me of my contact solution, but I could get over that. What I didn't like is the wipes were individually placed in the package, meaning I had to dig out each and every wipe, since they didn't automatically pop up after I pulled one wipe up. This is literally a deal breaker for me because in the middle of changing a poopie diaper, NO ONE has time to stop and fish out another wipe. If this one huge flaw was rectified, I would be a fan. I got a sample of water wipes complementary from influenster to test. I liked how thick and wet the wipes were.
I think we get so caught up in main stream products we forget to try new things and read labels because seriously where have these been MY whole life and my littles? I love that I feel safe wiping down his entire body with them from face to bum. With the only ingredient besides water being grapefruit extract I don't have to worry about when he grabs ones and puts it in his mouth or when I wipe down his toys quick. I think they are great and being we are trying to live a more natural life I'm glad I was able to receive these complimentary from Influenster courtesy of Water Wipes. Of Course this is my own opinion and we are now a water wipe family!
My daughter has skin allergies, so it's nice to have a wipe to use that won't cause hives! They smell great too! I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I'm always on the hunt for a good natural product, especially when it comes to baby skin. I've gone to great lengths to try to reduce the chemicals I'm using on daughter's skin (including making my own baby wipes) so I really love the ingredients list on these! The wipes are soft and so gentle -- the only down side is that they don't have the nice slide-factor that soap gives to wipes (which depending on the kind of diaper your changing can be a big deal). But if you're committed to going all natural, you can fix that with a baby-bum essential oil spray or something similar. It's definitely worth it. Anyway, we love them! I received this product for free from Influenster for testing purposes, all opinions are my own.
I am having a hard time deciding how I feel about these wipes. So I will just give it to you straight. The texture is weird. It made cleaning my baby's bum a little challenging, especially if there was poo. The wipes are also VERY wet. Which can be helpful, however they were leaving my son's bum TOO wet. What I LOVE is that it is strictly water and a little grapefruit! I really like the simplicity of it and having the peace of mind about using these on my child's sensitive skin. The wipes I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
Although I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes I have been purchasing (and using) WaterWipes since January 2015 when I had my first child. Two kids later, they are my "go to" wipe. I ALWAYS have them in my diaper bag because you can use them on their face and for diaper changes. These really do help against getting diaper rashes. I recommend to all of my friends who are moms to be or have children! All opinions are my own.
I freakin love this so much!! I love the natural ness and I just feel so much better knowing what ingredients I'm using on my daughters bum because they're chemical free! Got it for free and definetly buying some of my own for my girl!! I received this product complimentary for review purposes.
I am loving these wipes! Not only is it 2 simply ingredients, but my son's rashes have ceased, messes come off easier than with other wipes brands, and they are chemical free! I use to use cloths and warm water with lavender but as a busy mom I didn't have as much time washing all the diapers and wipes. I am loving this new alternative! I am so thankful I received this product for sampling purposes courtesy of WaterWipes and Influenster and the opinions are my own. I plan on switching to the brand after trying them!
I really liked these wipes. I was not sure if they would perform as well as other wipes I've used but they did. The only thing I didn't like was that they would cling so it did make it a little harder to just glide like the others but they cleaned great. The thing I loved was that they stayed moist the whole time no matter how many times I would open the packet. They are true to their name WET wipes !! I received the wipes from WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I love these water wipes! I only gave a 4 star bc the fact I can't buy in bulk due to expiration dates and they have a funny texture. I love that they are chemical free, have fruit extract and don't break out my suns face! I received a sample from water wipes and Influenster for free! I will purchase even if it's just to wipe my sons face!
Pretty good wipes, like they are natural. A little to wet for regular pee pee diapers
I love these wipes. Perfect for baby's sensitive skin and they clean so well. I have used many brands of wipes with my three kids, and these are definitely a favorite!
I love these. I just wish they were more reasonable price for how many come in a package. I'm glad I got to try them free thanks to #influenster I received this product complimentary for review purposes.
I had always seen these on the shelves but never gave much thought into picking them up in trying them, as I was so used to grabbing my usual things. I was so happy to receive these Water Wipes complimentary from Influenster because they not only met, but exceeded my expectations. I love that they are all-natural and chemical free, made of only 2 ingredients; the 99.9% water and the 0.1% grapefruit seed extract. I thought they would probably dry it easily, but I was surprised at how saturated they were and stayed, unlike my usual brand. These would be especially useful if your little one had sensitive skin or excema issues, and overall the seem to be super soothing and do the job just as well as the brand I use now! I would definitely recommend these if you are looking for a hospital-trusted all-natura solution when it comes to baby wipes.
I absolutely love these wipes! My son has such sensitive skin and these wipes don't mess with him at all! They are chemical free, they are hypoallergenic, WaterWipes have even been awarded the National Eczema Association Seal of Acceptance! Thank you WaterWipes and Influenster for giving me a sample to review! We love them!
Let me just start by saying, WE LOVE THESE WIPES. They contain absolutely NO harmful ingredients, only water and grapefruit seed extract. These wipes "one and done". No other brand can compare to Water Wipes. I went out and bought the 3 pack. The only thing is that they're a little more expensive than other brands of wipes, but they are so so worth it. I only use one or two, so in the end I think I'm saving money. I received these compliments of Influenster in my VoxBox in exchange for my own personal opinion.
I love these wipes and am so glad to have a non-toxic option.
These wipes are amazing! They stay very moist (which I prefer) if stored properly, unlike other wipes I have tried. I love that these have no chemicals so I can use them on my daughter's face and hands as well as her bottom. I don't notice any strong scent which is also nice. I received these wipes courtesy of WaterWipes and Influenster for sampling purposes, but all opinions are my own.
I received these wipes free from Influenster and waterwipes for testing purposes but all of the opinions are my own. I absolutely LOVE these wipes and am so thankful I got to try them. Before I was sent the free pack, I was having the hardest time trying to find a wipe that wouldn't make my son's super sensitive skin break out in a rash. Even wipes labeled "sensitive" were giving him a rash. But then I tried these and it cleared right up. We haven't had any problems since!! I will never buy another type of wipe again!!
These are the most chemical free wipes you can find. I wish it was organic grapefruit seed extract but these are the best I can find. These are great on my sensitive skinned baby. They never cause irritation like other wipes. I received these complimentary for review purposes from waterwipesusa and influenster, but all opinions are my own.
I loved these as far as sensitivity goes but theyou are a bit pricey. I received these free via Influenster for an honest review.
I received these wipes complimentary for testing but.. I didn't really care for them myself. The texture felt really weird to me like rubbery and they were wayyy too wet. I like that they were all natural but that would be the only plus for me.
Although I love the fact these wipes contain only 2 ingredients, it's extremely hard for me to clean poopy diapers... I have to triple the amount of wipes I use due to these wipes pretty much just moving the mess around. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I love these wipes! I received a sample from waterwipes and Influenster to try but have been using them way before that. They are the best quality and retain their moisture unlike other wipes. And because they're free of chemicals they are multipurpose! Butt, hands, face.... gets them all!
I love these wipes! Love that they have no harsh chemicals and I love that you don't need to use a lot of them to change a messy diaper. I received this product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes all opinions are my own.
Great size and great thickness to the wipe. There is a slight smell to them but it's comforting to know they are more pure than anything else. I received these free to try and review.
I had previously had WaterWipes on my "to try" list for some time now so when I had the opportunity to try them out through Influenster I was thrilled. My daughter has extremely sensitive skin so we strive to maintain a chemical free house, especially if it has the chance to come in contact with her so the fact that these wipes have only 2 ingredients was a wonderful relief. We were successfully able to transition from our previous wipes to WaterWipes without any incident or chemical effect on her skin. One of my favorite factors was there was no leftover residue left on her skin or diaper (we use cloth diapers) after using. While I did receive the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes, all opinions are completely my own.
They work very well and I love that it's just water and citrus. They aren't as soft or thick as some other brand's wipes. But they still get the job done well! And yucky-chemical free which is important to me. I'd buy them. I received this product complimentary from Influenster for review purposes but this is my honest review.
Nice thick wipes are easy to clean with. Great for my babies sensitive skin. i love using these to clean face and hands also. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are your own.
I received the waterwipes sample pouch completely free thanks to waterwipes and Influenster! They are simply amazing. I made sure there was no scent because I don't not use wipes on my baby that are not unscented. Then I tested the texture of the wipe and it was so soft and smooth! I cleaned my daughter and she's been perfectly fine since then. Would definitely recommend!
It’s never a good feeling to search endlessly for the best products and still find nothing that truly works. My daughter is very sensitive to certain ingredients. She has been highly allergic to certain products from various brands from the day she was born. No matter how much I liked the product; because of her sensitivity, I could not use it. I was presented with the opportunity to use the WaterWipes. After learning about the natural ingredients that are used, which is only two - 99.9% pure Irish water and 0.1% grapefruit seed extract, translated to me that the wipes are made of chemical free products. I find the WaterWipes to be very effective. It leaves absolutely no residue and it does not have a scent. The wipes are also very durable. I especially like the fact that I can use the wipes on my little babies without having to worry about harmful chemicals. Therefore, it’s a no brainer that the WaterWipes are safer and a natural option for my kids. I will continue to use WaterWipes as long as the company keeps on making them. These wipes do not disappoint! I highly recommend them to all parents looking for so safer product to use. Disclosure: I received WaterWipes to facilitate my review. All opinions are my own.
I admit I wasn’t sure how effective this product would be in cleaning my babies. With my current brand of baby wipes, I would have to use several sheets of wipes to get the dirty job done (as in my baby doesn’t still smell like pee, etc). I was pleasantly surprised when I was able to use WaterWipes to gently cleanse my baby’s bottom with just a single wipe (2 for spectacular diaper disasters). My current wipes were just not moist enough to get the job done with one wipe. I also like the fact I could use this on my baby’s entire body including his face. *This makes this product: 1. More cost effective because I didn’t have to use different types of wipes 2. A space saver because I didn’t have to carry different packages of wipes 3. Makes traveling and clean-ups quick and easy I love that WaterWipes uses a combination of polyester and viscose for a silk-like sheet texture for gentle cleansing of such delicate skin. I also like that it doesn’t have a fragrance like my current wipes which I felt was always just “covering” up the smell of a still-dirty baby bottom! *Disclaimer: I received this product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for testing purposes. All opinions are my own.
Water wipes are the only thing that work for my little guy when he has a diaper rash. Every other wipe I try, even the sensitive, burn his bottom and he screams. These wipes are a must have! I always keep a pack and will continue to use these!! I received this product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I received these Water Wipes free from Influenster in exchange for my free review. I think these are great. We've been using these since day 1. My baby has hardly any cases of diaper rash and I don't have to worry about chemicals irritating his skin.
I love my water wipes. My daughter is allergic to a lot of wipes but being made with 99% water they are perfect. They are thick, durable and hypoallergenic. I received my wipes completely free from waterwipes and influenster.
These are a great chemical free option to traditional wipes. They are especially good for diaper rash - I used these as a gentle alternative to help with my little mans rash. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own
I like these wipes because are chemicals free and for us is very important. I received a free sample for influenster and I like. I used when I change the baby and for his Hands. I would buy now
I love these wipes so much. I received them from influencer for free. I've been working my way towards a more natural lifestyle and these fit perfectly with my preferences. The wipes work great, they're soft and I love that they're hypoallergenic! Am switching to these!
I love how they are chemical free made of 99.9 percent water and the other portion is fruit extract. Love the texture
I had the opportunity to receive these wipes as a trial from Influenster and I am so sad I have not tried these wipes sooner. I have three young children and stick with the store brand from a big box store because they are unscented and don't leave a residue like most other name brand wipes. The problem with those is that they seem so abrasive. These wipes are unscented and work so well with ZERO irritation. It's honestly like using water to clean my child, with no wincing on his part. I'll definitely continue to buy these from now on.
I think these are the best wipes to use especially for newborn babies with very sensitive skin! If I had known about this before, I would have used them for my daughter when she was first born instead of the regular wipes. I love that they contain only 2 ingredients and have no chemicals! So u can trust to use them for your baby. I received a sample of this from WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I received these for free to try out from influenster. It's a great product! They are chemical free. They only contain water and grapefruit seed extract. They are notably recognized by medical institutions. They're hypoallergenic. They're worth it!
These wipes are great! They don't dry out quickly, you only need one or two wipes to clean your baby, and the best part is that they don't include any chemicals���Perfect for my sensitive baby! I will definitely be buying more and recommend to other mommas! I received this product free for testing purposes only from WaterWipes and Influenster. All opinions are my own.
Water Wipes work great and they maintain the moisture so well! Other Wipes tend to be dry or very highly fragranced and leave a sticky residue but not water Wipes! I can use it to wipe baby's face, neck and body on the go when I'm not at home and able to use a towel and water. It works wonderfully for a messy bottoms and cleans everything up so well. I was able to test out a free sample from influenster and water Wipes for my honest review and now I can't wait to purchase these baby Wipes for my baby girl.
These water wipes are pretty good. I was pleasantly surprised at how thick the wipes were as other brands and store brands have thin flimsy wipes. These wipes are study, moist and definitely do not have a scent. Only negative is that the wipes do not glide easily which makes it hard to easily clean up the entire mess. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes
So far I've found these to be on par with name brand wipes I'm used to using, but without harsh chemicals. They are thick and I use less when changing my son. They don't glide as easily as other wipes, but I'm sure that has everything to do with the fact they are only moistened by water! Honestly, both my babies have never had issues with the brand of wipes I've been using for nearly five years, in terms of diaper rash or skin sensitivity, so I can't see myself forking over nearly double the price for a lesser quantity all for the sake of \"natural.\" It's hard for this eco conscious mama to say that, but I can't afford it. I'm glad Influenster has given me the opportunity to try this product for testing purposes. All opinions are my own.
I can't say enough about these wipes! They are soft and durable with plenty of moisture in them! I LOVE the fact that they only have TWO ingredients in them and 99.9% is water! My toddler has such sensitive skin and eczema on top of that so I am so happy to add these wipes to our home. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I received this as a sample from Influenster. It is nice to know there are no harsh chemicals on the baby's soft skin. I thought it was great for cleaning up dried up #2 diapers. Probably would be nice if there was more of a scent to it for my personal taste.
love using these for my baby. I know its chemical free, so makes me feel good. it does not leave a sticky feeling after use, like many other brands. and cleans very well and is thick.
My little one and I are loving the complimentary WaterWipes that we were sent free for testing/review purposes from Influenster. I love not having to worry about what ingredients are used because there are only 2! Water and fruit extract; NO chemicals going on his soft baby skin. The wipes are thick, strong, and do a great job at getting him clean without causing a rash. I've already purchased a ton more!
I really wanted to love these wipes as I'm totally on board with the advertising and just the 2 ingredients! However, when I used them, I found them to be super watery and difficult to separate without ripping. I found they work best by taking one out, shaking it to open it up, squeezing the excess water and then wiping. I think if there was just a little bit less liquid, it would make the wipes a home run. I love that they are hypo-allergenic and chemical free! I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I used these Water Wipes on my youngest son. They worked really well to get him clean and were nice and moist. They did not irritate his skin at all, and I love that they don't contain a lot of potentially harmful ingredients. These are super gentle, but still effective. The price is a little higher than other wipes, so it might not be practical for everyone though. I received a free sample of this item from Influenster, but all opinions are my own.
I received WaterWipes samples from Influenster to try for free. I loved that there's were no harsh chemicals but wasn't impressed with the cleaning quality. They ended up become handwipes for the car.
I liked that they were natural! The simple ingredients make me feel good as a parent. However, I was expecting a nice smell from the grapefruit extract and it smells a little funky. They're very wet wipes (like drippy) so I really like them for face wipes! I received these products for free in exchange for my honest opinion from Influenster.
These wipes are amazing and work well on sensative baby skin i recived these free with influenster to tru and all opions are my own i love these and will buy more also will 10p% recommend to others as well
1. its smooth butt 2.its free chemical 3. its not expensive 4.its water only with grape fruit 5.its natural an its good for babys
I like because are chemicals free. I always prefer naturals wipe for my kids. I received a free sample for influenster. I would buy a package for my kids!
I was not a huge fan of these . They were flimsy and difficult to separate apart from each other. I will not be buying again most likely. I received this product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I received a complimentary pack of water wipes from influenster for testing purposes, however, I had purchased them for my son when he was an infant. He has very sensitive skin and a food allergy and these wipes were so good for him and gentle. He's now 2.5 and his skin isn't a small sensitive and I admittedly haven't been biting them because they are more expensive than other wipes. But if you have skin concerns these are the way to go!
I received this WaterWipes product complimentary from influenster for testing purposes, but the opinions stated here are all my own. I absolutely love the fact that I do not have to worry about harmful chemicals when I use WaterWipes on my toddler. They only contain two ingredients: Water and fruit extract. These wipes are soft and gentle, but also moisturizing and non-abrasive; which make them perfect for use when cleaning dirty mouths or runny noses. Their durability reduces the number of wipes needed to get the job done because they don't tear easily. WaterWipes are the ideal choice for newborns and babies with sensitive skin because they are non-residual and have a mild, natural scent. I rate this product 5 stars and would definitely recommend it to others.
I received these wipes complimentary from @Influenster and @Waterwipes for testing purposes. The opinions are my own. Wipes are thick, very moist, soft, and a mild scent. Cleanses the skin thoroughly, is gentle and non-drying. Great for those with sensitive skin or prone to irritation. The best part is that they are chemical-free and I know exactly what is on my baby's skin!!
I received these water wipes free through Influenster. I had never used them prior... I've been missing out! These are so gentle on my girls sensitive skin. They're thick and extra wet perfect for big messes and dirty kiddos.
These wipes are fairly thin so I was expecting to use like 3 for everytime we needed wipes but they are pretty effecient on picking "product" off of bum. I,love that there's no harmful ingredients in these wipes and these are a great wipe for sensitive skin. My only personal complaint was they smelled kinda like plastic (from the plastic they were in) but I'd rather that than added fragrance. These wipes were sent to me complimentary for review purposes from Influenster
Great soft wipes and do the job well. Only two ingredients and no strong smell which I love. soft enough and great on my sons bottom. recommend to any new mom. and i am a mom of three under 5 yrs old. two who still in diapers and i loved these. received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster.
I saw these in the store and was very curious. I am thankful that influenster gave us a free pack for trial and review period we really like them. They seemed a little wetter than other wipes but it went very soft and smooth on our babies skin. Smell was good and not too strong. It looks like her diaper rash improved after using the product period I would highly recommend this even though the cost is slightly higher than other generic wipes. Thank you so much
I've used WaterWipes for about one week with my 22 month old daughter. I'm pretty particular about wipes and one thing that makes this brand exceptional are the ingredients...just two: water and grapefruit seed extract. No chemicals! I found the wipes to be strong, a good size and soft. One wipe does a very good job on a messy diaper, but I found them to be a little 'wet' to wipe skin after a pee diaper. I found them to be slightly more difficult to maneuver than other stiffer/textured wipes, but the benefit of being chemical free outweighed any issues with that! These wipes are scent-free and hypoallergenic. I received this product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but opinions are my own.
I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes and im glad i got to be apart of it because my baby love it super soft and smell great love it
I received these for free to test out. I really liked them! I love that they only have two ingredients- safe for my baby. They're soft too!
I received these for free from influenster to test and review. I am so glad I did. Baby supplies can cost a pretty penny and it was nice to receive some for free. I loved them. Honestly, I used them to change a diaper as well as wipe my daughter's hands and face after eating. I would recommend this brand and not just because I received these for free.
I received these wipes courtesy of Influenster for testing purposes. I think the moisture is great. However, the texture makes them hard to wipe with. They don't glide over the skin smoothly.
This is the cleanest wipes around. You can't find anything more natural than this for your child. You can wipe little tushies, faces, hands, body. You can even use it in yourself to clean your face of makeup, or just a refreshing wipe after a tough workout. We love this and would highly recommend. I received a free sample in exchange for my opinion.
I have a 17 month old baby with a lot of skin allergies. That's why I was so happy to recieve a free sample of these water wipes from influenster. It's hard to pin point what ingredient your baby may be reactioning to when there is a bucket list of ingredients. That's why it's so nice these only have two. I love that this is a natural and chemical free option that isn't going to break the bank. I love them and will actually be permanently including them to my household shopping list from here on.
My daughter has very sensitive skin and gets a rash from most of the baby wipes that are out there. These wipes are amazing and dont give my daughter a rash which is exactly what ive been looking for. The are thick and get the job done better than other wipes. Im glad Influenster sent me this sample, I am purchasing more right now! I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
These wipes are seriously the greatest I have tried. I used them when my daughter was a baby and now that we are potty training I still keep some in the bathroom. They are super soft and they don't try out as often as some others. I also noticed that these are tough - they have a good stretch to them. I received these for free from Influenster but this my honest opinion.
These wipes are great. They are very moist so I am able to use less wipes. With all the harsh chemicals that surround us, its nice to know that I don't have to worry about these. They only have 2 ingredients!! I received these complementary from influenster to test.
I had heard about these wipes and was looking fowards to trying them out. I have 3 kids(5, 1, and 4 months) and i can say that i loved the fact that they were chemical free mostly and they really worked wonders on my babies bottoms. One had a mild diaper rash that wasnt going away as fast as i hoped, but using these wipes helped it heal and go away a lot faster. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I personally love them! They worked well on my son! I love how they are chemical free,and how they are so wet. I received this product for testing purposes from Influenster and water wipes all opinions are my own
I love this product! I hate that all the other wipes contain so many ingredients I can't even pronounce! The last thing I need to be doing is putting chemicals on my baby! They clean and smell great too!
I received this item for free in exchange for review from Influenster and I was so thrilled because of the ingredients and the fact it's chemical free. I personally don't think they are as thick as what they say but they do get the job done. Perfect for camping I think.
I got some water wipes from influenster and was pretty pumped to try them. We've used multiple competitor wipes and even sensitive ones were too harsh on my sensitive baby's butt. So far these are amazing! Soft, no smell, no reaction from my baby's skin and I've even used to clean my kids faces!
I really liked these waterwipes. I like that they are chemical free and that they are 99% water. I use wipe to clean my daughters toys, to clean their face and of course I use them for diapers changes. I absolutely love them. I am a mother of a 2 year old and a 10 month old. I highly recommend them. I recieved a free sample from influenster and I am very greatful for that. I don't think I would have bought them if it wasn't for trying them out first.
I've used these with my toddler when he was first born and think there are amazing for any child with sensitive skin and all newborns. I recently received a package free from water wipes and influenster to try and review for my new baby. All the opinions are my own.
I'm all about Water wipes because they're chemical free and only have two ingredients. That's awesome. What I'm not cool with is the durability. I just don't believe these wipes are good enough to withstand my son's daily diaper and skin messes.
I received these in a Vox box as a promotion from influenster and water wipes. But all of the following opinions are my own. These wipes were alright they're made with 99% water and 1% fruit extract. I didn't like that the wipes seemed thin and had no grip which made it hard to wipe my child.
I received a sample of Water Wipes complimentary of Influenster for testing purposes. I have heard so many good things about these wipes and I can say they are all true. They are chemical free - which is a big plus! What I liked most about them is that they were very wet. I find that some wipes dry out over time and I felt like these wipes stayed very moist. They don't have an odor and worked really well at cleaning up my toddlers messes. I am really happy I tried these and would recommend purchasing them as I plan to buy more for my family.
I really like these wipes a lot. My child has very sensitive skin so it was awesome knowing these were mostly water! Love them!
These are absolutely wonderful! It takes less wipes than using a regular wipe brand, and is way less irritating to the skin because it's JUST water!
I needed something to clean my pump equipment when a sink wasn't available. I didn't want to use anything with chemicals since my pump equipment holds my breastmilk. I tried these, and I love them! They leave everything clean, and they're safe for my baby and milk.
Thank you Water Wipes and Influenster for my free sample of these water wipes. My 2 year son and I really enjoyed using them. They were very thick and moist. My only complaint is that they were a bit slippery and hard to hold on to. I did like that they were very natural and good for the sensitive skin of my little boy.
I was lucky enough to be chosen to give these wipes a try. They are really great, they are great for sensitive skin. It really felt like i was using a wet washcloth. The wipe its self is pretty thick so they werent easily torn, they were wet enough to get everything cleaned of easily and didnt need to use as many. Really great product!
I received a free sample of these from Influenster for my opinion. These wipes are amazing when it comes to the diaper area. Often times when little ones have a rash, the chemicals in the regular baby wipes only make matters worse. These wipes calm and cool the problem area immediately and still make your baby fresh and clean. They are expensive compared to regular baby wipes, but whenever my kids have a rash starting, I make sure to pick up a package of Water Wipes to help cut it shorter!
I love these wipes! Not only are they strong but they are soft and gentle on my babies skin. They have no chemicals and no other wipe compares. No irritation or wierd smells. I love how natural they are too. I received the product courtesy of waterwipes and Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I love how few ingredients there are in these wipes, it makes me feel better when I use them on other places other than the intent. I deducted 1 star due to the fact that they don't work well in a wipes container (one doesn't pull through after the last), but the few ingredients make up for it. I recently received a sample of Water Wipes from Influenster, however these opinions are my own.
We love WaterWipes! These wipes are amazing and work great! No chemicals, inexpensive, hypoallergenic you can't go wrong with these wipes. Definitely the best wipes I've used besides making my own. I received these wipes for sampling courtesy of WaterWipes and Influenster. These opinions are my own.
I received these wipes complimentary from WaterWipes and Influenster for testing purposes! I loved these! I love that there are no yucky chemicals on these wipes, which makes me feel better about using these for my toddlers hands & face as well as diaper changes. They have no scent which is great, so I can use them for my own hands without smelling like a baby. I would definitely recommend these! Although they are not "chemical free" everything is a chemical! Including water. I hate that marketing tactic.
These wipes are sooo good and the plus point is that -it is free from all the bad chemicals and fragrances..Me and my girl loved these <3 I got these from influenster as a sample(free of cost) but we loved it sooo much that we will buy it over and over again!
I loved that the WaterWipes only contain 2 ingredients and are chemical free. It definitely helps to know what you are using on your baby won't harm them. They definitely had the extra moisture that they say they have, but at times it was a little too much. I do wish they were a little softer. The texture was a little rough for my little one compared to other wipes we have used. I also wish they were a little cheaper in price. Overall I did like them and would use them again. I received these wipes courtesy of WaterWipes and Influenster for sampling purposes, but all opinions are my own.
I was skeptical of these wipes because I wasn't convinced basically water on a cloth would be sufficient in cleaning up after a dirty diaper. I was pleasantly surprised. They are very moist (maybe a tad too slippery, but still very effective) and you don't need to use many to clean up the mess. I love that they don't have any chemicals and are perfect for my little one's super sensitive skin. I received this product complimentary of waterwipes and Influenster, but all opinions are my own.
I got to try these wipes for free and had to run to the store to grab me a whole box. they are really good, chemical free. Perfect if your baby has sensitive skin like mine. not harsh at all on the face. easy clean up!
I love that these wipes are all natural, dye and chemical free! It's hard to find baby products that contain virtually no added chemicals or fragrance and this one is as pure as they come! They stay very moist and it takes fewer of these than traditional wipes to get the job done. Wipes are soft and gentle on baby. Highly recommend this product to other moms! I received this product complimentary for testing purposes only from WaterWipes and Influenster. All opinions are my own.
I received a pack of these for free to try and review. I love that they aren't scented and are chemical free. I use cloth diapers and wipes and a spray bottle of water regularly, but I could see buying these for in the diaper bag and on the go. I really liked them and glad there is a product like this.
I got to try Water Wipes for free courtesy of Water Wipes and influenster. They are great on my sons skin and I love they are chemical free! Will be purchasing next time for sure.
I love the idea of water wipes. I was actually given complimentary pack for testing purposes, even though I do buy them quite often. There are a few things that I'm not crazy about. You can never get just one. They come out in a bunch at once and they always seems to slide on the baby's bottom without removing much poop! But i do love that they are only water and there is never irritate the skin, ever.
These wipes are the best. It takes me just one wipe to clean my kids dirty hands and face. And not only that but the fact it doesn't have any chemicals in it. I soo soo recommend these wipes to anyone who's kids have sensitive skin because it doesn't give them anything. Other wipes i've used on my kids have gave them rashes and gave them breakouts just for me cleaning their faces with them. I was mailed these #WaterWipes for #Free from #Influenster so shout out to them because me and so do my kids love and are going to purchase these from now on.
I love howy these are and how they are all natural! I try to only get the best when it comes to my baby and I would definitely recommend these to any new mom! I received this product complimentary for testing purposes only from WaterWipes and Influenster. All opinions are my own.
I lived this! It was gentle on the skin, hypoallergenic and no chemicals! We don't leave home without them! Thanks to influenster I got Tom try this for free along with Water wipes. The opinions are all mine"
These are amazing! I love that these are simple with no chemicals added. These are perfect for my son who has sensitive skin and I'm always worried about rashes and irritation. I also use these to wipe his hands and mouth. They hold up really well and don't fall apart like some other brands do. I did receive these complimentary from Influenster.... and as a new mom I tried everything in the beginning and these are the best!
I received a package of waterwipes courtesy of influenster, and I love them! At home, we cloth diaper, and use cloth wipes with water only. But carrying cloth wipes is a hassle. We try to stay away from harsh chemicals, and this product is the perfect choice! I used them on my 7 month old this week, and I was amazed at how moisture rich they are without any chemicals! This is definitely be my wipe of choice from now on!
I liked the size and strength of these wipes. I received this product complimentary for testing purposes only from WaterWipes and Influenster. All opinions are my own. My daughter has super sensitive skin and these didn't bother her at all. I couldn't smell any scent to them and that was fine with me. I like to have options when going to buy free and clear products.
I super love this wipe how scent free how hypoallergenic and i love how gentle water wipes for baby sensitive skin
I received this product for free from influenster for my honest review. My 15mo happened to have a pretty bad rash from having a stomach bug when I received these and other wipes were making him scream. Not once did he cry when I used the waterwipes and they did a good job cleaning his toosh without harsh chemicals. These wipes are perfect for sensitive skin and I'll definitely be buying more.
My son has eczema and is very sensitive. These wipes are soft and gentle! He had a really bad rash that cleared up after using these water wipes!!! I love these and will definitely be using them in the future!! I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I thoui thought these wipes were going to be just like your plain old wipes and they impressed me . I'm a first time mom of a now almost 4 month old and we used these wipes for diaper changing and they stayed moist and didn't dry out at all. I even used them to remove makeup on my face and their super gentle that even mommy can use them . These sample wipes that I got sent to me for free by influenster and thanks to waterwipes . All opinions made on this product are my own 100%
This wipes are great! No smell to them which I love an easy on my son. He has sensitive skin and these do not bother him at all I received these from waterwipes and Influenster for review and these are my own opinions.
I was able to try these wipes for *free* thanks to Influenster and really liked them! They were soft, strong and got the job done!! My only issue with them is the price. These wipes have fewer ingredients and chemicals and should cost less than the competitors.
These wipes were effective-- they got my baby clean without having to use too many, they smelled great, they were a good size and easy to get out of the pack, and they were wet without dripping. They are a little expensive, but if I had a good coupon, I would buy them. I received a sample to try for free for testing purposes. My opinions are my own
Lately every where I look there's a new product targeting moms and I can't tell you how many times they've let me down. Our kids have extremely sensitive skin which results in very few products we can use. After receiving these for my honest opinion I was skeptical seeing as how many wipes are on the market these days. I couldn't be more surprised by just how much I love these and just how versatile they are; not only do I use them on our 6month Old but also our 6yr Old and 2 yr Old. They're so sensitive they can be used on even the most delicate skin. I love them so much I've already bought more as well as given them in baby shower gifts!
We loved Water Wipes and actually recieved them for free to sample in a voxbox from Influenster. They still smelled clean even without all of the chemicals in regular wipes!
I love these wipes! They are hypoallergenic and chemical free! Perfect for my baby with sensitive skin and eczema! I would recommend to all mommies out there! I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I was given this product to try for free with my two toddlers. My youngest just turned one and loves to feed himself, which yay for independence, but ugh, the mess. I love these water wipes for cleaning up food messes because it's all natural, and if they ingest it, i mean, it's water and a little fruit extract. Would not recommend using these for other purposes like sanitizing though. But great to keep on hand for messes at meal time!
I received a sample of WaterWipes for free, courtesy of Influenster & Waterwipes. Regardless, my opinions on this product are 100% my own. Since my son was born weve been bouncing between "chemical free" wipe brands. After testing these wipes and I am confident we will continue to purchase from WaterWipes. I love how thick they are; they don't rip super easily. But most importantly I love that they are made up ALMOST entirely of water! I feel so reassured knowing that I'm wiping my child's face, hands, bottom, and entire body with a safe and chemical free product. I highly reccomend them to any other parents who many be searching for a safe wipe for sensitive skin!
I received this product free from influenster and I really like them. I love how soft they are and how they are actually wet feeling! #contest @influenster #waterwipes @waterwipesusa
I love the idea of these wipes; only water and fruit extract is way better than using chemicals on my baby's bum! However I wish the cloth was a little more cushiony and absorbent. Otherwise I loved them! I received this product complimentary for testing purposes only from WaterWipes and Influenster. All opinions are my own.
I LOVE that Water Wipes are all natural and completely chemical free. I use them a lot to clean my sons face but they are pretty "watery" once the pack gets low. Otherwise, I really enjoy them! I received this item as a complimentary sample for an honest review.
I really liked these wipes!! Who wouldn't, they are chemical free! Although I did not like how the wipes slipped in your hands when you fold it over for a second wipe. Other than that great product! I received this product courtesy of water wipes and influenster for sampling. This review was all my own opinion.
I got these free on influenster. They only contain 2 ingredients: water and grapefruit seed extract. They're hypoallergenic: The wipes are soft and less abrasive than applying water with a washcloth or gauze. They are notably recognized by medical institution. Amazing product and definitely would recommend. #free #contest
I loved these so much! They smell amazing, work great, and are chemical free! Didn't break my sons sensitive skin out one bit. Thinking about switching to these regularly! I got them free courtesy of Influenster and Water wipes. I wish they sent more!
My toddler hates when her bottom gets a little red and tender. She begs not to use baby wipes on it, but she did not complain one bit when using Water Wipes! We will continue to have these on hand for those tender times! I received this product complimentary for testing purposes only from WaterWipes and Influenster. All opinions are my own.
I received these water wipes complimentary of influenster vox box to test out. I was kind of nervous at first because I felt like water wouldn't clean the baby thoroughly. Well I was wrong! They work amazing! They don't dry out and you only need one for a messy job! I will choose these over other wipes from now on!
When I was pregnant I was concerned that my son would inherit my sensitive skin. I purchased the large box of WaterWipes on the recommendation of a few YouTubers. We used these wipes for the first three months of my son's life and I LOVED them. They are made of two ingredients- water and fruit extract. They are also chemical free and fragrance free. I would recommend these wipes- especially for the first few months. My son, thankfully, did not have sensitive skin but I credit these wipes for him not having diaper rash during the early breastfeeding time. Definitely buy the larger box to save some money!
This feels really soft and feels like an actual cloth. You can get a lot of cleaning done with one cloth. They are saturated with the right amount of water where it's not dripping all over the place. They are definitely gentle on my little guy's bum. *I received this product courtesy of Waterwipes and Influenster but my opinions are my own.
I wish I had found these sooner! My daughter is almost out of diapers, but she has such sensitive skin that when she had even the smallest diaper rash, other sensitive wipes wouldn't work, I literally had to use a wet washcloth. If we had these wipes, I am certain we wouldn't have had as many issues. And these are recognized by the National Eczema Association - something I take seriously since my daughter has eczema. I received these complimentary through Influenster and WaterWipes - these opinions are my own.
I love these wipes. They feel like cloth, have a light scent, and clean well. I found it hard to make sure that Inonly got one wipe out the the container because they seemed to stick to each other. There is just the right amount of liquid on the wipes. They are great for cleaning up poopy butts, messy hands, messy faces, and messes on trays. They are only slightly more expensive that regular wipes but are way easier on babies than a sensitive wipe. *I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.*
I think these wipes are awesome. I hate chemicals and was excited to try something that is safe. They smell good and are thick. They stay moist and work well for cleaning my little one's face and arms. When it comes to germs and cleaning toys, I'd probably use other wipes for the clean factor. I do think the price is a little high. I got a sample from WaterWipes & Influenster but all opinions are my own.
Fantastic! Safe and my baby has not had one rash!
Did not care for the smell of these at all. For something that is fragrance free, they really smelled bad. My daughter even disliked them. They worked good other than that
I received this from Influenster completely free for testing purposes! All opinions are my own. Not like the usual wipes 99.9 water so they don’t really smell like anything! My baby has really sensitive skin and they work wonders didn’t irritate skin. I did use an extra wipe then what I usually use but really smooth with skin and they don’t make a mess a little pricey in my opinion but you do get what you pay for! I do recommend it if your baby has sensitive skin otherwise no
We are a cloth diapering family, and one of the reasons we use cloth is because we were not comfortable with all of the chemicals that our daughter would come into contact with wearing disposable diapers and using disposable wipes daily. I'm SO happy to say that we found wipes we feel comfortable using when we are using disposables for travel!! These wipes have simple ingredients (water and grape seed oil) and are great for sensitive skin! They do not contain any fragrance or nasty chemicals. These are my new go to. I received these wipes for free in exchange for my honest review. All opinions expressed are solely mine.
I am very impressed with waterwipes as they only have two ingredients and are chemical free. I feel very comfortable using them on my baby as I know they contain nothing harmful. I look forward to using these more in the future because I do like them as much as my usual wipe (Honest Co.). I received these complimentary from Waterwipes and Influenster but my opinions are my own! I have to say I'm impressed.
After 3 babies and hundreds of wipes, I wouldn't choose any other wipes than these. Chemical free, no harsh scents and gentle on babies sensitive skin, you won't want to go back to any other wipe. We use ours on messy bottoms, hands and faces daily. (Not to mention, the price for these are really affordable) **I received these wipes complimentary of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I absolutely love these wipes! Some wipes you have that gooey resadue left over on your hands or baby's bum but these leave nothing! All they are is water and a hint of grape seed oil. I love that there are no additional chemicals I'm putting all over my daughters butt, face, hands or anywhere else I use a wipe! I received a sample size pack to test out for my opinion and the only con I have is that the pack wasn't larger! Will definitely be buying these!!!
I liked the fact how these don't have a smell and the wipe was not thin nor thick came in handy there affordable & perfect if your child is allergic to scent on wipes got it for free thanks to influenster
First off, I love the simple ingredients. I also love how wet they are. They can clean a lot with just one wipe. Would buy. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
They are great. I used them on my son and daughter snd theu work fine. They also smell so good. I love they dont have so many added chemicals and/or ingredients.
I love these wipes! I first tried them when I got a free sample thanks to wet wipes and Influenster. These wipes are all natural and do not irritate my babies skin. They are also gentle enough to use on her face and hands. I would definitely recommend!
This waterwipes were average. I did not find anything special about them but I would buy them. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I absolutely love that these wipes are chemical free and safe for my baby. My only complaint is that I do not think they clean that well, and often I need to use a few more wipes than with other products. I would still recommend these wipes based on the quality of ingredients. I tried these wipes as they were complimentary from Waterwipes and Influenster however, all opinions are my own.
I have 3 small kids and have changed countless diapers without these wipes! I am so glad I don't have to anymore! They are super soft and have just he right amount of moisture. I use maybe 2 or 3 maximum on each change. And you can't go wrong with the ingredients in them. It's so safe and they have the quality of other wipes. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I was so excited to receive my free package if WaterWipes from Influenster! We run a fairly natural home, but that's hard to do when you are charged more for products that a free of chemicals, WaterWipes affordable price makes that a non-issue. They are probably the moistest wipes I have ever used. I am completely serious. It took a few try's to handle them comfortably because there is such a difference between them and my Kirkland brand wipes I usually buy, but I used way less. Basically, this is the next best thing to throwing your child in the tub. They worked so well! I may be switching brands.
I recieved a sample of these courtesy of water wipes and influester free for the purpose of testing.. but my review is authentic and i usually buy the best choice wipes since they are cheaper than most but now that i have tried these i fell in love with them.. they have just the perfect thickness and they sre vvery gentle for my babys bottom since she has very sensitive skin.. i didnt have any problem eith them at all..
I liked these wipes for the most part. They clean well and don't irritate my baby's sensitive skin. The one thing I did not like was that they are wetter than my typical wipes when coming out of the package. This caused them to be colder on my baby's skin. He didn't seem to mind, but I would imagine it would be more uncomfortable than a wipe that does not feel as wet. I received this product to test for free from Water Wipes and Influenster, but all opinions are my own.
As a new mother, I'm always looking for what moms recommend. WaterWipes kept coming up in my searches so when I got the opportunity to try them I was very excited to find a baby product that was simple, yet effective. There are plenty of baby wipes out on the market, but it is very nice to see wipes geared to get the job done in a non-chemical way. WaterWipes are very moist and help baby get cleaned up comfortably.Thanks to WaterWipes and Influenster for giving me the opportunity to try this product that I will surely recommend to any mommy, even any one who likes a good baby wipe to clean things up. I was given WaterWipes for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I used these water wipes on my 7 month old daughter. I love the lack of strong scent and how soft they are. She has sensitive skin so they are nice to use when she has a rash or irritation. While costly compared to other brands, I feel they are worth the cost.\nI received a package of water wipes from Influenster in exchange for my honest review.
I really like these wipes, they are super soft and durable. They are made of 99.9 percent water and .1 percent grapefruit seed extract for its cleaning properties. There's no scent or filmy feeling after using them! I would definitely use these again depending on price. I received these free from Influenster and WaterWipes to evaluate and give my honest review.
My six month old has really sensitive skin and reacts to a lot of different things. Some different kind of wipes have him rashes so these wipes have been great! I received them through Influenster for free but this review is all my opinion.
These are my new favorite wipes! I used to love the pampers sensitive wipes but now these are my go to. I recieved the product courtesy from Waterwipes and influenster and all of the opinions are my own.
Good but definitely different wipes. I received these free for testing. I like them, but my baby is not in diapers anymore therefore I don't really need them. There is zero additives in them so that is a bonus.
Best wipes I have used for my two boys, they have really sensitive skin and get diaper rash all the time and regular wipes always burn them since they have chemicals in it but these work wonders, they love using these. I received a complimentary package from Influenster for testing reason but all opinions are of my own.
I received these wipes complimentary from Influenster to try out. I really enjoyed them! I love that they don't have that chemical smell and to know that I'm giving my baby chemical free on her bum means a lot to me. I wish they werent AS pricey as they are. Especially if they aren't chemical free and mostly water ... they should be cheaper!
I received this product for free from Influenster and WaterWipes for my honest opinion. This product is great for cleaning hands and faces; however, I did not care for it when cleaning a pooppie diaper. I prefer something thicker. The plus to these wipes are that they are chemical free and hypoallergenic. They contain only water and fruit juices. If you are looking for something all natural then this is the way to go.
I am not using these as diaper wipes. I am using these as face cleaners and table wipers. I like that these are chemical free and organic.
These are perfect!! Super moist and chemical free!! Super gentle on my little one's bum. Love them!! Influenster sent me these wipes for free to try out and I'm so glad they did or else I would have never thought to give them a try!! I will be buying these for now on!!
I had the pleasure of receiving these waterwipes complementary through Influenster Vox Box. I have to say that after testing them out, I LOVE them and they are some of my new favorite wipes. I have two little ones in diapers (one in diapers and one in pull ups) and my youngest has two serious skin disorders, so we try to avoid anything harmful from touching his delicate skin. The WaterWipes Baby Wipes are perfect for delicate skin, sensitive skin, irritated skin, just skin! They are 99.9% water and 0.01% Grapefruit Seed Extract, so they are the purest wipes you can buy!
I received these wipes courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes and tried them on my toddler for a week. What I really liked about these wipes was how well they retained moisture! I've used all kinds of wipes and they generally become dry once exposed to air. However, these are "wet" enough that I can clean my child's bottom with only one wipe. They are great for wiping hands and faces as well! They are chemical free, which is nice and I appreciate that there isn't a scent. These wipes are gentle on my toddler's skin, which is great and I have already recommended these wipes to my sister, as she has a daughter with eczema. I've enjoyed using these wipes and will definitely recommend them.
These wipes are amazing! They are simple but work great. They do not tear when you are wiping little bottoms and faces. They don't have a strong chemical smell like some wipes. They have no additives at all. I love them and would recommend them to everyone mother I know. I got these wipes as a sample from Influenster completely free.
I got to try @waterwipesusa for free just for my opinion through @influenster I love these for daughter- they are so natural with only 2 ingredients and delicate on her rear end. I love they are chemical free and hypoallergenic too. #contest #waterwipes
I got these Water Wipes free from Influenster and WATERWIPESUSA for reviewing purposes only. All opinions are my own. I love the fact that there are no chemicals in these wipes! So easy for on the go and better than dirtying up a bunch of wash cloths!
I received these for free from Influenster. While I love the idea of chemical-free wipes, these were super wet and soggy. They are not textured and don't clean well. I did use them to wipe my son's face and mouth though.
I love this item, there are not harsh chemicals and work fairly well. I actually used one to wash off my face and it worked really well. I would definitely recommend ***I received this item complimentary from influenster.
We received a FREE sample of these wipes from Influenster. I was really really surprised at how moist they were. We even used in our baby's face and hands while in the car. Would definitely recommend to a friend looking for another wipe option.
Most gentle wipes! These are the only wipes that my daughter doesn't get a rash from!
I tried out a sample pack of these wipes, and while they're not terrible, I don't love them. They were too wet, and had too much slip so it was harder to clean baby's bum after a dirty diaper. I like a little more texture. They would probably be a great option for a baby with extra sensitive skin. I received this product for free in exchange for my honest review.
I am loving WaterWipes! No harsh ingredients and I don't have to use 5 of them when my little cutie has a blowout because they are durable and clean up the mess quickly! They also don't have a harsh smell like other ones. We love these! ^I received this product complimentary from Influenster and waterwipes for testing purposes. All Opinions are my own.
I Love This Wipes I Try Them For Free From Influenster. When It Comes To Wipes I Always Choose Unscented Because My Kids Are Very Sensitive But These Wipes Do The Job And Will Use Them Again && I Totally Recommend.
Loved how gentle these were on baby's skin, perfect for my 2 month old's sensitive bum and they made great face/hand wipes too! Perfect multi-purpose wipe, will definitely be adding these to our list of diaper bag staples. I received a free sample of water wipes from influenster for testing and reviewing purposes.
Love!! We received a free trial and I was pleasantly surprised. The wipes themselves are strong, not at all flimsy, and lacking the excessive chemicals (and smell) which usually accompany wipes. My son doesn't even balk when I go to wipe his face!
These are wonderful wipes super soft and they DONT rip which is a big thing for me. I hate buying "top brand" wipes and they rip so easily. I was using pampers sensitive but am totally switching to these. They have a very very mild nice scent to them, were so gentle on my little boys butt, and they took away everything in one swipe. I did not have to use multiple wipes 2 at the most for a very poopy diaper. These wipes are amazing and I love that they are natural. Im going with water wipes from now on!!!
I received this product for free for my honest review. They're thin and super moist. Wish they were thicker. Has an alcohol scent which is weird because it doesn't contain alcohol.
These are super strong wipes and I love that they are free of chemicals! They have a very faint scent which is pleasant. I wish they were more affordable, but these are worth it for sensitive bottoms. I received my wipes curtesy of influenster and water wipes for reviewing purposes. All opinions are my own.
I am so happy I received this completely free thanks to Influenster and waterwipes. They worked perfect on my baby who has sensitive skin and eczema ddnt itch or burn I love that it's pure water and fruit extract I totally recommend them
Having these water wipes in my purse is a life saver especially when you have a messy 3 year old like I do. I defiently recommend to anyone who has kids! They are good quality! I recieved the product for free and my opinions are 100% my own.
I like these wipes for my kids they clean up so well. I actually never heard about this brand and thanks to Influenster sending it to me to try them out for free.
I have been wanting to try this product for awhile. I was really excited when I qualified to get them from Influenster for Free to try out. I love the way the wipes feel and smell. They have a light fruit scent and are so easy to use. The drawback I find is in the travel package they don't come out easily. I would definitely put them into my Tupperware wipe container in the future to use so they are easier when changing a poopy diaper. I used them on both my infant and toddler with no issues. Normally we get wipes with the least amount of chemicals possible and I love these. Definitely on the list for the next trip for diaper supplies.
I admit, at first I didn’t think they’d be anything special, even when I pulled a wipe out of the package. But then the moment it touched my baby’s skin, I realized these are a game changer! Their much moister than any other wipe I’ve used. They clean much more efficiently and thoroughly, too. Jobs that normally take me four wipes only take me two with WaterWipes. And to understand what the ingredients actually are in the wipes and to know they are natural gives me peace of mind. I am very impressed with WaterWipes and would highly recommend them! I received a complimentary sample of WaterWipes from WaterWipes and Influenster in exchange for my honest review.
I tried these wipes because I have two redheads in diapers and they have very sensitive skin so I'm always looking for sensitive or chemical free wipes. I love that these wipes are so great on my sensitive babies' skin, but I felt like they weren't wet enough to get the job done on dirty bottoms. I will continue to use these for wet diapers but I'll need to find something else for dirty diapers. I received this product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I got these free in the mail from @influenster. They are good & my kids loved them
I love using water wipes whenever my daughter has a diaper rash since it's just water and this doesn't burn. I had used before but also received free from waterwipes and influenster to try and review. I have bought before and will continue to buy.
My two year old and I love WaterWipes! The quality is great and they work wonderfully. The wipes don't smell too strong, which is a positive for me. They clean up and absorb well. My only complaint is they are freezing on my daughters skin because of how wet they are. I would definitely recommend these. received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are your own. I received this product free for sample purposes, courtesy of Influenster and WaterWipes.
My kids have sensitive skin so this product intrigued me. It worked well on a messy food face, but was a bit more challenging with the dried on/crusty parts. I would recommend this to a friend for sure. I received this WaterWipes sample complimentary from Influenster for testing purposes and the opinions are my own.
I absolutely love these. All natural ingredients, they smell great and they actually clean! I use them for everything! I received these courtesy of waterwipes and influenster for review but all opinions are my own.
I normally only use pampers sensitive wipes for my 2 year old because it's the only brand that doesn't make her break out. Well I was sent a pack of these from influenster to try out for free for my honest opinion and I'm so glad I did. These are the best wipes ever!! They aren't too thin so they don't break super easily.
I received these wipes for free courtesy of Waterwipes and Influenster for sampling purposes but the following option is my own. I am not overly excited for these wipes. My baby does not have overly sensitive skin so they are not necessary. I could see if you have issues with other wipes but I ended up using these as face an hand wipes after meals. If you do not NEED super sensitive wipes I probably would not use these.
I got these wipes from water wipes and Influenster to test and review. All opinion is my own. I like that these are natural but dislike how the glide on skin and think they have a weird smell even though are unscented.
Ingot these wipes complimentary from influenster and I love them. My son has a skin condition and these do not irritate and break him out also it seems to give hydration to his skin as well I will be continuing to purchase these wipes.
These wipes are great. My daughter is super sensitive to most wipes but these work great. They don't irritate at all and they are super soft. They are awesome! I got this product from Water Wipes & Influenster as a sample but this opinion is all my own. A+
I use wipes for everything. I usually hate how some wipes feel against my baby's skin but these wipes are amazing! Feels like its really cleaning instead of just moving the dirt! I recommend to anyone that has or doesn't have kids! These are great to use for one self as well!
These wipes are great. They don't dry out quick and they clean my baby's bottom with only one or two wipes. Best part is that they don't include any chemicals - just water and grapefruit seed extra. I will definitely be buying more of these and will recommend to other new mommas! I received these wipes complimentary for testing purposes only from WaterWipes and Influenster. All opinions are my own.
I did not like these WaterWipes. I used them on my baby's dirty bum and it only made a bigger mess. They are just too watery. However, they are perfect for cleaning off dirty hands or faces. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
If you're like me, you care about anything that goes on your baby's skin or in their body. It's important to me that I'm not using a product multiple times daily with lots of scent and chemicals on my son's skin. Water wipes provide that piece of mind for me. They're gentle, chemical free, and get the job done. I find that these wipes are a large size. They're also the right amount of wet, and stay wet after the packet is opened. They're perfect for small jobs or big 'dirty' jobs. They get my son's bum clean, as well as getting the really sticky lollipop off his hands and face after and afternoon treat. I don't have to worry about wiping my son's face with a heavy scent or tons of chemicals because water wipes are chemical and scent free. Also, while using, my son who has sensitive skin has never been irritated or developed a rash from these wipes. I highly suggest that as a first time mom, or a seasoned mother, you give these wipes a try. You won't be disappointed! I received a complementary pack of Wet Wipes to facilitate my review.
I've always used buggies or parents choice cause there thick wipes and it works great. Today I got my free sample of water wipes, I tried them on my 3year old daughter when she had poop and it did removed everything with one wipe but I didn't like the way the wipe felt. it felt like it was cheap and not good quality, but I would still try to give it another try.
I had the pleasure of receiving these wipes complementary through Influenster Vox Box. I have to say that after testing them out, I LOVE them and they are some of my new favorite wipes. I have two little ones in diapers (one in diapers and one in pull ups) and my youngest has two serious skin disorders, so we try to avoid anything harmful from touching his delicate skin. The WaterWipes Baby Wipes are perfect for delicate skin, sensitive skin, irritated skin, just skin! They are 99.9% water and 0.01% Grapefruit Seed Extract, so they are the purest wipes you can buy! You might be saying, "Well, I could just wet a paper towel if it's just water," you could... but the cloth these are made from is high quality, durable, sturdy, and very soft cloth. You don't have to worry about dyes, chemicals, or even fiberglass (which has happened in the past) being in the wipes. They don't rip or break apart and will hold up for a newborn diaper change to a toddler diaper change to your beauty routine and then some. I tried to rip them apart and it takes so pulling, and they don't rip like other wipes. They just tear in a straight line so your wipe is still usable even if it does rip. These work amazing and are well worth the price, I highly recommend these if you or your children have sensitive skin and are looking for a soft, high quality diaper wipe that is as pure as high quality h20! All opinions expressed are my own and are unbiased and solely based on actual usage of the product regardless of receiving the item complementary through Influenster.
I absolutely love these wipes. My children have eczema and I love the fact these wipes are hypoallergenic. They did not break my babies bum out. Not only were these wipes great for the baby but I also used them for my Older kids to wipe their face and hands. The wipe itself is very sturdy but soft. I will purchase this item again. I received these wipes complimentary from wet wipes and Influenster for testing purposes but all reviews are my own.
I honestly like these wipes alot! I like that they're made from 99.9% water. That means no skin reactions from my daughter who has sensitive skin and they still work great on my son who has normal skin! I was totally excited when I recieved these to test and review and I'll say they definitely work! The texture of the wipe is a little rough and it doesn't slide across my babies butts as easy but they definitely work and didn't make my daughter break out so that was a HUGE plus for me! I recieved this product for free from influenster to test and review in return for my honest opinion. All opinions are my own.
I was lucky and was able to try these wipes completely free thanks to influenster! I really love that they are so gentle on my son's bottom. They are chemical free and still leave his bottom fresh! I even use these on my face for a gentle make up remover. #influenster #getitfree
I LOVE the fact that they do not have the harsh chemicals in them . I love the way they smell . I got these wipes to try for free from influenster and watereipes
My kids have sensitive skin and are prone to diaper rashes. Because of that, I normally get fragrance-free wipes. I really like that WaterWipes are free of chemicals and are mostly water with some fruit extract. They are more watery than the wipes I normally use and I can smell the fruit. They got the job done! They cleaned my daughter well and are absorbent. And they were gentle on her sensitive skin. I really liked them! I received this product courtesy of WaterWipes and Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own!
The Fact that these have zero harsh chemicals is the main factor for loving these. The textures weird but I'd happily oblige knowing my baby will not be harmed. I received these complimentary for reviewing purposes. Opinions are all my own.
I am a cloth diapering mama. With cloth diapers, I also use cloth wipes that I sewed. That being said, I do occasionally keep disposable wipes around for emergency situations or for hand cleanups or preschooler potty messes. These water wipes are great. They are natural and smell great. They cleaned up the messes I used them on. I would definitely recommend these, and will likely purchase a pack for my car emergency kit. I received this trial size pack free from influenster for review purposes.
I really like these wipes!! I usually use name brand wipes but received these yesterday free from Influenster for testing purposes and I seriously might start buying these instead!! They are chemical free, they clean really well and not just my babysbaby's bottom but I used them also for cleaning counters and it was great!! Highly recommend these!!
These wipes are great! I loved that they are sturdy and won't rip while wiping a dirty baby bottom. They are also very moist so you can clean baby with just one wipe! I would definitely recommend this to other parents. I received this product complimentary for review purposes.
I put these to test on a dirty number 2 diaper . I like that they are super moist , it helps to wipe away everything ! I used a few like I usually do ! They did t irritate my baby's bum it my hands which is super important ! We both have sensitive skin , I only buy sensitive brand in wipes ! If I had to compare the to another brand , they are similar to honest brand ! No harsh chemicals 99% water
I have three kids, the last two are still in diapers and I was super impressed with these wipes. My youngest is a month old and has quite the digestive system causing him to often have a diaper rash. These wipes have totally help clear some of that up. It's amazing. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are of my own.
I think these wipes are amazing. I actually like them better than the pampers sensitive wipes I've always used. It cleaned up the "mess" right away and is great on my daughter's skin. I received this product courtesy of WaterWipes and Influenster but my opinions are my own.
I received this product complimentary from Influenster and WaterWipes for testing purposes. I love these wipes! They are perfect for dirty hands, knees and faces. I feel great using them on my one year old because they are 99.9% water and .1% grapefruit seed extract! Absolutely NO chemicals, which means safe for my little guy! They are super soft and stretchy so can cover a lot of mess! These are a great value, and I always have some on hand! I highly recommend them!
I used these water wipes on my 7 month old daughter. I love the lack of strong scent and how soft they are. She has sensitive skin so they are nice to use when she has a rash or irritation. While costly compared to other brands, I feel they are worth the cost. I received a package of water wipes from Influenster in exchange for my honest review.
I love them I have 2 kids and after receiving these wipes complimentary from Influester I have to say my honest opinion I do love them because they are safe there has no chemicals in them whatsoever and they do have a good smell to them I don't have to worry about my kids having a bad allergic reaction from them the 100% safe thank you Influenster for allowing me to test this product out for testing purposes and again this items was sent to me completely free for testing purposes
i receive this wipes water from influenster for free and they are so soft I recommended i would consider purchasing!!!!
I love that these wipes don't contain chemicals! The thickness is perfect, definitely not too thin. I will say they seem to slide differently on baby's skin than other wipes i have used but it's not in a bad way. I definitely would recommend these, especially if you are concerned with all the extra ingredients and chemicals in other brands of wipes. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
These wipes are so pure and did an awesome job cleaning up poopy messes AND helped clear up diaper rash! I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
Really like this product! My daughter has extremely sensitive skin and we were buying a really expensive alternative, but ever since we started using the water wipes we have no allergy issues. I received a sample pack through Influenster and I'm glad I was able to try it before hand because I will definitely be repurchasing.
My daughter's skin is extremely sensitive and she can only wear one brand of diapers/use one brand of wipes. I've seen these online, but just never purchased them. Now I won't ever buy another brand! They didn't irritate my daughter's skin, they're affordable, AND we used less of these compared to the other brand for a diaper change. I also really like that they're natural. Thankful I received these! I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I got this wipes totally free from Influenster and WaterWipes only for reviewing purposes. So far they're good. I used them on my baby's bottom, hands and even on the delicate skin on her face and they seem great! I would recommend for kids with allergies since this have no chemicals.
I love them! They are soft and don't break easily. Also, I love that there aren't a ton of chemicals or potentially harmful ingredients in them. They also make wonderful makeup remover wipes for me as well! Disclaimer: I received a sample complimentary to try from WaterWipes and Influenster. The opinions are all my own
Scent free! Didn't irritate my babies bum, I feel like it actually started clearing up the rash he had when we got them! I felt like they were bigger than regular wipes so it covered more surface area, got more use out of one, it got the job done! I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I absolutely love these wipes! Specifically for after meal and snack cleanup! They make great face and nose wipes because they are chemical free and almost ALL water! That makes me feel safe to use them anywhere on my babe! They are great to take to the park for dirty knees and hands! The only thing I do not like is the texture of the wipes for #2 diaper changes, I found it takes a lot of wipes to get my son really clean because they don't have any sort of ripple to them at all. But for literally EVERYTHING else, I love them!
I really like these wipes for my son. They work great for newborns and infants. But when they get to the solid food stage, they don't work so well.
I received these wipes for free to test and give my opinion on. As a mom of 3 I am constantly using wipes for evetything. I was not a fan of these wipes. They seemed to rough on my son and it was actually very difficult to clean up a messy diaper easily. I felt that I needed to use more wipes for 1 diaper change than I would with the wipes I currently use.
My triplets have extremely sensitive skin, so I am always very hesitant when it comes to diapers and wipes for them. So far, these wipes worked great! No rashes! Not to mention, that I love these wipes because they dont have chemicals! I received these complimentary to test from @influenster #contest #waterwipes @waterwipesusa
I love love these! They feel so clean on my hands so I know they are keeping my babies clean! Thank you Influenster and wetwipes for bringing this product into my life!!
I love these Water Wipes! All of my babies have had sensitive skin. I have always shopped for a Baby Wipe that has the least amount of chemicals. I actually switched over to cloth wipes and a water solution. After trying these Water wipes I will be buying these from now on. I used them for diaper changes and for cleaning messy faces and hands and no reddness or reaction at all. I did receive a sample of these for free from Influenster and Water Wipes but all opinions are my own.
I'm trying these wipes for the first time and I'm loving them!!! They're so soft for my baby's skin and the size is just perfect!!!! It has a nice soft scent as well!!! I'm thinking that I'm going to switch to these from now on!!!!
These are the best all natural wipes I have yet to use. Even compared to the babyganics I've been using. They leave no residue after use either. I did receive these complimentary to test but I've been wanting try these either way.
this wipes are soft, moist, and easy to use does not leave sticky residue like most wipes. i would consider purchasing this wipes. i rescued a sample from Waterwipes and Influenster but my opinion is my own.
I love how gentle these wipes are on my little guys skin. We had a stomach bug going through our house and these wipes were the only thing he would tolerate on his skin. I did receive them as a free sample from WaterWipes and Influenster but these opinions are my honest review.
These waterwipes sound great in theory but I've found that they don't work too great at cleaning up after a poopy diaper, for us at least. They seem like they are just a tad dry - although I love the lack of smell and lack of ingredients. They are great for all of our other diaper changes :) I received this product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I love these wipes! I wish I knew about them when my 2 older children were babies. Making my own wipes is just not practical for me so these are the next best thing. All you really need to clean a babies bottom is water, these are perfect.
I was sent a trial pack of these water wipes from influenster. They worked very well and didn't give my toddler a rash or anything. They smell nice even though they don't have any perfumes or dyes in them. They have 0.1% fruit extract so I guess that's where they slight fragrance comes from. I don't know about pricing since they were sent to me free of charge for testing purposes. The quality is great and we liked them! I received this product complimentary for review purposes from influenster!
I used this product more for makeup removal than on my child because it has a little bit of a rough texture. I wouldn't recommend it to someone personally. Although I like the fact it doesnt have added ingredients and such. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I received these wipes for free, courtesy of Influenster and WaterWipes for the purpose of testing and reviewing. These views are all my own. I'm going to say first off that these wipes are WAY TOO EXPENSIVE for being 99.9% water. They work just as well as other wipes in my opinion. They are chemical free but you can make your own wipes at home for a way cheaper price. But if you don't have a budget to stick to, I'm sure they would work just fine!
As someone who has a child that has very sensitive skin and is prone to rashes, these wipes work great! I love that it doesn't have any harsh chemicals and contains only 2 main ingredients (water and grape seed oil). They work just as good as the other leading brands. I highly recommend these to parents! I received this product from Water Wipes and Influenster to try but my opinions are my own.
I absolutely love these wipes!! My little boy is so sensitive and with these no allergic reaction or rash!! Love love love these! I received this product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
so excited about these new waterwipes i got #free from #influenster they are the worlds purest baby wipes. no harsh chemicals. Nothing is worse then when your child has a baby rash and use a baby wipe with chemicals. The first time it ever happened to my daughter I swore I would never let it happen again. That's why I'm so glad to have these baby wipes.
I've been wanting to try these wipes, so when I got a sample from Influenster I was really excited! I used to make my own wipes and wanted to see how these compared. I love that they're almost entirely water and so they don't irritate skin that may already be broken out from a rash. I used them to clean up a poopy toddler and they worked wonderfully (which is saying something for a toddler)! My one complaint is that they're very, well, wet, so you need to dry baby off a bit before putting their diaper on. However, I have no problem with that, and in the case of a diaper rash, would be doing it already anyway. I really enjoyed using these and will definitely purchase in the future, if only to use with stubborn diaper rash that doesn't need more irritation! I received these wipes complimentary from Influenster and Water Wipes for testing purposes. All opinions are my own.
Water wipes are my new favorite. They are chemical free which makes me feel better about using on my babies. I love that they don't have a strange smell and I think the price point is good. They clean the skin very well and come in different size packs for diaper bag, refill etc. I definitely recommend this product. I was lucky enough to try this for free thanks to Influenster!
I love that fact that they are chemical free. However they are very wet, drippy. Also they don't work very well to wipe. They stick and are hard to move. I received these to review from Influenster and and this is my opinion in these. I'm sorry to say I will not be purchasing them.
These wipes are so soft, so moist, clean and refreshing! They smell so pretty and leave your skin feeling so soft! My daughter approves! I love that they are free of chemicals and have natural fruit extract! Although I received this product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes, all opinions are my own! I can't wait to buy these!
Gentle on skin and chemical free! We love them and we got to try them before we bought them which made it even better! Amazing quality! I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I've been buying sensitive wipes since my son was born 2 years ago, so when I got the chance to try these out I was really excited! They're 100% chemical-free and natural. The texture takes a little getting used to, I'm assuming because some of the chemicals in most traditional wipes give them more of a smooth wipe (no other way to explain it), but I feel like they actually clean better because of it. I find that I use less wipes with these than other brands because they work that good. Sticky poop that you normally need 7 wipes for? No problem! And they're still soft, gentle, not at all irritating. We haven't had any irritation/diaper rash issues since using them. They don't really have a scent, if at all it's just a slightly clean smell, but just barely there (you need to really stick your nose in them to notice anything). I love that they're natural, chemical-free, non-drying, and just flat out work really well. I would definitely recommend, especially for babies with sensitive skin and those prone to diaper rash! I received this product complimentary from WaterWipes and Influenster for sampling purposes, but all opinions are my own.
I received my water wipes from Influenster, and I have to say I'm not too impressed. They smell a little weird, and most wipes slide over baby's skin with easy but these ones... sort of stick. Like it's hard to run the wipe smoothly over baby's skin. If we were in a pinch, they would be a good back up but I won't be trading in my normal wipes for these. I got my wipes courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are your own.
Water wipes are great for sensitive skin babies because they have no chemicals, they are really moist so they clean really well. Love the product. I received the product to try it out as a courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster and im definetely im switching to this wipes
Really enjoyed these! These water wipes (that I got for free from influenster) handled Minerva's gross I-eat-food-now poop like a pro! It's really just water and that helped tremendously. I received these for free in exchange for my honest review on them from influenster and water wipes.
I received these courtesy of Influenster and WaterWipes to review with my own opinions. I'm very impressed with how durable they are. So good for the skin and I love the ingredients or lack there of. Amazing find.
This is literally best wipes I ever tried, and have tried a lot of different brands, starting with low price and ending up with ridiculously expensive. This brand is awesome. For a start no chemicals and hurdles components, which is all you need for a a gentle cleaning of a newborn skin. Second of all they are so moist, and they are do not drying out as fast as other brands, one more great thing is they are pretty firm, what I mean they are not breaking out that easy. What else can I say. I'm totally in love, going to buy again and again. I received this product complimentary from Influenster but my review is honest and based on my opinion.
These wipes are amazing, they re so gentle on my daughters skin and don't break her out. The are so pure and 99.9%water and 00.01% fruit extract. They was ease to wipe my daughter down with and just to see a wipe didn't that didn't cause her pain was such a relief ... I am so happy I got these complementary from #influenster #GotItFree
I love how soft they are! I feel comfortable using them on my baby and my toddlers. I like that I can use them on hands and faces as well. This size is great for keeping in my purse for those spills on the go! I received these wipes courtesy of Water Wipes & Influenster for testing purposes but all opinions are my own.
I find myself using this just for pee because when she has gone poo I feel I need something a little tuffer to handle her bum but I do love the smell but not too big on the texture
Water wipes are excellent wipes! When my son was born these were the only wipes I would use because I didn't want any chemicals touching his baby bottom. I switched him once I saw he wasn't sensitive skinned. I recently received water wipes again from Influenster and it was perfect timing! My 19 month old son developed his first diaper rash from having diarrhea and regular wipes really burned him and resulted in his screaming, I turned to my water wipes and no tears so my husband ran to the store to get more. Since then we haven't turned back. I received a sample from WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I was so excited to try out WaterWipes. We try to be a natural-product family, however it's hard to find products that work really well. WaterWipes are a must have for any mama, and really anyone who may deal with messes! They work so well for wiping my kiddo's hands after meals, and they are great for dirt and art projects. Worked better than what I currently use, and took sidewalk chalk off instantly! I will also add that while we will be purchasing WaterWipes from now on, we won't be using it for diaper changes. We love our current wipes, which are so expensive to use for his messiness! Happy to have WaterWipes as our 2nd set of wipes in the house. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
This wipes are good very moist a little small but honestly I don't see a big difference from Pampers I guess if the baby is allergic to Pampers you get this but not that they are so much better.
They are better than I thought they would be!! When I first opened them I thought these are very thin and won't do the job .. boy was I wrong where it would take 4 or more wipes it only took two that's awesome !! Thank you to voxbox for sending me a trail size for free.. influenster voxbox free trail size
I loved that these wipes have no chemical and clean the twins bums me though q problem. I will definitely be buying these. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are your own.
These wipes were great! They were gentle on my baby's bottom and seemed sturdy when faced with a big ol mess! I recieved these complimentary from WaterWipes and Influenster for testing purposes!
I received a pack of the WaterWipes from Influenster for sampling! My son has very sensitive skin so we normally can only use Pampers, after trying a few wipes on him from WaterWipes, we've finally found another kind of wipes he can use. The texture is a little odd but it's definitely another option for us! I'd recommend to other mommys (:
I received a sample of WaterWipes for free from Influenster for my honest opinion. First impression - they feel fantastic! Very soft, moist but not soaking wet. They do have a smell to them - honestly they smell worse than a regular wipe! I like the feel, but I probably won't buy because of the smell.
I absolutely LOVE WaterWipes! I first discovered these wipes years ago when our first child was a baby and have continued to use them on our second baby. Our children have pretty sensitive bottoms and these wipes have been a miracle when they have the occasional diaper rash. Using common baby wipes during a diaper rash would make our baby scream and cry from the sting, but WaterWipes are so unbelievably gentle that it doesn't hurt his little bottom at all. We always have these wipes stocked at our house! I received a sample of WaterWipes from Influenster in exchange for my honest review.
I got my water wipes voxbox today! I received this box for free for testing purposes from influenster! they last a long time with out drying out so fast and they're really thick!! Which I like the only downside is the price of the wipes they're pretty expensive, but I guess in all reality.. You get what you pay for!!
I love the idea of these wipes, chemical free and great for babies skin. I will definitely be buying these for my son in the future. They are 99% water! The only issue was that they didn't pick up the excess water so we had to pat dry!! I did receive them free from Influenster & Water Wipes for review purposes. But, that did not alter my opinion in any way.
I was pleasantly surprised when I used these wipes. I wasn't expecting much, because usually "all natural" wipes feel like cardboard and don't do a very good job. Along with the fact, they don't smell very nice either. I was wrong about these! They are awesome. They have a very soft texture. They are wet enough to get the job done, but not soaking wet. I also found where I was having to use 4 or 5 wipes with our current brand, I only have to use two with Water Wipes. The smell isn't overwhelming. The only downside I have found to these wipes is that there is a significant price difference in these and the wipes we currently use. Given the overall added bonuses, such as chemical free and 99.9% water, I would say the higher price is acceptable. All in all, I was very pleased with these wipes and may try these again in the future! I did receive these as a courtesy from Influenster and Water Wipes for sampling purposes, but all opinions are my own!
I received a complimentary water wipes from influenster I was pretty excited to try them out considering I have 2 little ones in diapers. Pros: I like that they are 99.9 % water. There is no scent or any harmful products. My youngest is very sensitive so this worked. Cons: I feel like they aren't too durable.
My two year old and I love WaterWipes! The quality is great and they work wonderfully. The wipes don't smell too strong, which is a positive for me. They clean up and absorb well. My only complaint is they are freezing on my daughters skin because of how wet they are. I would definitely recommend these. received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are your own. I received this product free for sample purposes, courtesy of Influenster and WaterWipes.
I love how these wipes are chemical free. I feel so much better by using these on my little boy.. I received these for testing purposes only from influenster.
I got this item as a free trial. And I'm so excited to know about a chemical free wipe ! It didn't hurt my child's butt during his diaper rash which was awesome cause we all know any other one will burn. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own !
3 stars for the product because it's a really good idea. However I don't necessarily like them. The cheaper generic brands seem to work perfectly fine for my boys. I love the idea, just not for myself!
I found the smell very appealing from the citrus extract. The actual texture of the wipe was not my favorite, but they still do he job. I was able to try these wipes complimentary thanks to @influenster and @waterwipes for sampling purposes.
Really like the quality of these wipes. I can't stand the fragrances of some wipes - so these are amazing for my senses. I use wipes for everything!
I like the Feel and I was able to use the first Wipe on a red butt and there was no complaint. I kind of wish there was a nicer smell. It's a nice idea that they are chemical free. I was able to get these for Free from Influenster , but its my honest opinion about them
So many kids products way too many ingredients. Water Wipes are plain and simple with two ingredients of water and extract, keeping my kiddo clean during diaper changed, after supper, painting, dirt and oh so much more. LOVE them and you will too!! I received this product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
So I tried these water wipes and my son has sensitive skin and im in love on how his skin reacts to this wipes, they are absolutely perfect for him! My son is 7 months and he likes to touch everything, I love this wipes because it doesn't have chemicals! I received these complimentary to test from @influenster #contest #waterwipes @waterwipesusa
received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own got to saii they are good and not just sain it but my kids have sensitive skin and it doesnt iratate them
You can't really go wrong with these! Chemical free and basically just Water? Yes please. I received them free from influenster but all opinions are my own.
While I really like these wipes, I do wish there were a few differences/updates: 1) Why don't the wipes interlock?? It is so incredibly annoying to have to keep digging down into our wipe warmer for EVERY SINGLE WIPE since the next one doesn't pull up with the last. 2) I'd love to have a scented option that is scented with a natural essential oil (lavender, for example, would be lovely). Cleaning with just water doesn't necessarily leave things smelling super clean and makes me feel the need to bathe my baby even more often than you should with an infant. 3) The wipes are super soft and smooth, and there is no texture in them. On one hand this is nice I guess, but on the other hand it would be nice to have a little bit of texture to assist in picking up poopy diaper mess. Overall I like wipes but probably won't be buying any. I received the wipes courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
They seem great to me. They are a little different but I love that it is just water! They seem to work the same!
I really liked these wipes! Love the fact that they are chemical free which is great. These wipes are also very moist making it great and easy to clean up any mess! Lol. These wipes were recieved complimentary from WaterWipes & Influenster for testing purposes but all opinions are my own!
Good wipes to have on the go especially in the car or in the diaper bag, I like how wet they were and the texture thanks to influenster for these complimentary wipes #waterwipes #contest @waterwipesusa @influenster
I wasn't very impressed with these received them in behalf of Influenster and Eater wipes them sleeves too test out and having a 8 month old son I was kind of excited. I do like the fact they are chemical free, although the texture I just couldn't do it. It's was more rough and sticky and I felt like it too the whole pack too wipe his butt. Wouldn't buy these will just stick too me normal Huggies
I have been thinking about trying these for some time now but never did it because I didn't want to spend money on something that would work. Thankful, I got them for free to try through Influenster and I just found my new favorite wipe. They are thick and no harsh chemicals, which is fantastic!
I received these, free to try, from Influenster. I'm happy for others who are raving about this product, but I wasn't impressed. The package is teeny tiny and not realistic for the amount of wipes that we go through. The two ingredients are great but made no difference on the sensitive skin of my son that we achieve already with Up and Up hypoallergenic wipes. I'm glad that we got to try them for free, but I won't personally be buying them in the future.
Loved this product! They have a great soft texture, which is great for my little guys sensitive skin. The smell is nice, as I hate anything with a strong scent. I normally stick to the brand that I have, but I think I'll be taking the switch with WaterWipes.
I received these water wipes to try free from Influenster and I'm so excited about it! They are so soft and not scratchy like other wipes. They are so gentle and moist I love them
These work really great and were sensitive enough for my little guys bum!
These wipes do not irritate my baby's sensitive skin like others do. They are the only ones I will use on her face when she gets messy.
Work just as well as any other wipes I've used, and there's comfort in knowing that they are safe. They have a clean smell, and very moisturizing. They do have a different texture that may take some adjustment for some people, but it's nothing drastic. I did recieve these wipes for free from Influenster in exchange for my honest review.
I received a sample of this product complimentary from Influenster for testing purposes, in exchange for an honest review. All opinions are my own. This product is AMAZING. They are durable, yet natural and perfect for sensitive areas like the face! Plus they have no chemicals or nasty scent. They work great and are definitely a new must have for our diaper bag!
These wipes are great! They aren't too thin to where they rip, and are plenty moist. I enjoy not having to smell all those harsh smells and know my little's sensitive skin isn't going to get aggravated. I received these wipes complimentary from influenster for product testing purposes.
So happy I finally got to try these wipes. I was skeptical because they are 99.9 percent water so I didn't really have high hopes. With that being said, I'm so glad I gave them a chance. They are so moisturizing. They don't irritate my daughter whatsoever. And I feel comfortable using them on her face and hands because there aren't any harsh chemicals. I received this product courtesy of WaterWipes and Influenster for sampling purposes. All opinions are my own.
Great option if you don't want anything harsh on baby's bum. Smell is okay, they're a little pricey. I received these free for testing purposes
Absolutely love the water wipes I received from Influenster and WaterWipes for sampling purposes. Of course, all opinions are my own. I love natural products, which makes this so great because it's 99.9% water and .1% grapefruit extract. Perfect for my baby's skin!
I really love these wipes. They are really soft, which especially handy for wiping faces. They have a lot of moisture so they can really clean up a mess. And most of all they do not irritate my son's really sensitive skin. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
let me start with this isnt an ad i typed it myself. does your baby have super sensitive skin but you not for cloth wipes? well water wipes is just that. 99.9% water 0.1% fruit extract. thats the entire ingredients list. **i received these products for free for testing and the opinions listed are my opinions alone** #waterwipes #contest @influenster @waterwipesusa
I typically use the Pampers Sensitive wipes but when I received these, I was thrilled with the results! Sometimes the all natural products don't clean or feel as clean as they should but these were great! I received this product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I really loved these wipes. They seemed to clean just fine, had a nice clean smell and didn't irritate any of my families skin! I would highly recommend for someone with sensitive skin. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I love how thick and strong these wipes are. When I try to tear them, they don't rip at all. Very strong fibers. Sometimes with other brand wipes, I just pull out of the packaging and they rip in half. I love that this is a chemical free wipe for baby. 99.9% water and .1% grapefruit seed as the preservative. There is a made on and expiration date on the packaging which I thought was nice. No scent at all. One time I was using one that smelled like cucumbers and it caused redness where there wasn't any irritation before. There is no need to add artificial fragrance to baby wipes. I received a sample from Influenster for testing purposes but this does not affect my opinion. Overall, I loved this chemical free wipe. I would buy these again personally for my 7 month old.
I have an 18 month old daughter who always has had to have sensitive wipes. Received these from influenster for testing purposes just today. I do like them, as they seem to be just as gentle as what I have been using on her before. The texture is a bit strange and I didn't find them as easy to wipe with as the previous wipes I have used, but will continue using to see if maybe I'm just used to the ones I've been using for 18 months!! Definitely nice to start seeing more sensitive wipes out there that are affordable and available in most stores!!
The wipes are super wet, they are great! Some other wipes just are too dry to do the trick. Super great for sensitive skin, and I love that they are free of chemicals. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I will be switching to WaterWipes after receiving a complimentary pack from Influenster and WaterWipes. My daughter has sensitive skin and these work amazing and she doesn't cry in pain like other wipes have in the past. I will be recommending these to other moms. I wish I would've had these when she was in the NICU. The best part is it gets everything off in one or two wipes so you're not using a lot of product.
l'm super excited about these #waterwipes that @influenster sent me for free! I love me some all natural products (especially when they're free!) my favorite part about them? The ingredients list! No harsh chemicals! No alcohol! Just water and grapefruit seed oil! #contest @waterwipesusa
I recieved these wipes for free from Influenster and I really like them. My baby has really sensitive skin and perfumed wipes give her little rashes. So I was very excited to receive these complimentary wipes to use on my baby!
If your child has sensitive skin then these wipes might be for you: they didn't irritate my daughters eczema. They worked well with wiping down hands , feet and bums. It contains only 2 ingredients and one is water! I will purchase in the future. I received this product free to test curtousy of water wipes and influenster.
If your child has sensitive skin then this might be the wipe for you. They are unscented and have only 2 ingredients. (All of which you can pronounce.). These worked well with wiping off hands, faces and bums. I've tried a ton of different wipes and these are the only ones that don't seem to irritate my daughters eczema.
My twins love waterwipes because they tushy friendly especially when there is a rash on that tushy. Normally I have to hold them still because some wipes burn the rash but not waterwipes. I love that they are chemical free I don't have to worry at all.
My daughter has extremely sensitive skin so these are such a blessing! I'm in absolute love with these! Who doesn't love something that's chemical clean and works like a dream?! I recieved this product as a courtesy of WaterWipes and Influenster and I'm so grateful! These opinions are my own!
My toddler loves to paint and get messy. These wipes clean him up very well. They don't rip like a lot of wipes seem to do and I love that they are all natural. They'd work great for babies with thrush or sensitive skin since grapefruit seed extract is actually proven to help both of those. I'm going to recommend these to my friends with newborns! Received this product free courtesy of Influenster and Water Wipes to sampling purposes. All opinions are my own!
This is perfect for any parent worried about their newborn baby's skin. I love using these and knowing my toddler's sensitive skin will be safe from all the dangerous things I have to worry about with other wipes. I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes but all opinions are my own.
I received these water wipes by influenster's for samples purpose and I really love it my babies have sensitive sling and eczema and it's works so good on them I'll definitely buy it and recommend to anyone with kids
I received the product courtesy of WaterWipes & Influenster for sampling purposes, and I am so thankful I did. I have no found my new favorite wipes to use for my son. They are Chemical free and only have two ingredients - Water and Grapefruit seed extract. They are perfect for sensitive skin, and can be used on babies bottoms, hands, and face.
I received this product for free from Influenster's, but the opinions are my own. These wipes are very soft. They almost feel like a fabric material. Very gentle for baby. My baby has very sensitive skin and these did not irritate his skin at all! Definitely would buy again!
Love these wipes!! I am a first time mom and was looking for chemical free baby products! Great for sensitive skin and has no harmful chemicals!!
I received this product free from waterwipes and Influenster but the opinions are all my own. I really liked the texture and how well they clean! Also love that they are almost all water for my daughters sensitive skin! Just had a faint odor that I didn't care for. Otherwise great wipes!
Best overall wipes available at Target that do not contain harsh additives and are gentle on the baby's skin. Highly recommend!
My baby is allergic to pretty much any hypoallergenic or "for sensitive skin" wipe out there. We resorted to white kitchen paper towels and water (per her pediatrician's instructions) for many months until I found these at Target. My baby has not had a single issue with these! We are so happy with this product! Now we don't have to carry around a roll of paper towels and water bottles to change her diapers out in public. These are so convenient! The only two things I wish is that the wipes would come more easily out one at a time and that they would come in bigger value boxes than what they have now. Otherwise this is a great product.
I use these to clean my newborns hands, face, and neck between baths. Regular wipes will break the rest of his body out so I use these since they have no chemicals or added ingredients. He's fine with Pampers sensitive for his bum but these are great everywhere else. Minus 2 stars for the outrageous price for baby wipes. I don't see the need to up the price if all they have in them is water
These are very effective, and environment friendly
these are great wipes to use for your baby. love that they are SAFE and can be used for sensitive skin. They are slightly smaller than pampers or honest wipes.
I love love this product! They are safe and great for kids with sensitive skin. My daughter has eczema so I have to be very careful about what I apply to her skin. The wipes clean her bottom without irritation.
We really like WaterWipes in our household. They work for everything and you don't have to worry about chemicals or skin irritation. They stay moist to the bottom of the package if you take care of them (reseal the top). With our first package the flap seal began to get dirty so it lost its full ability to stick, so we just tucked it into a Tupperware container in the meantime. (Ziploc bag in a diaper bag when it gets to that point.) The wipes do not interlock like other brands because of the consistency of the wipe and how dense they are with the water/fruit fluid so it can be a tiny bit tricky to get the hang of how to pinch just right to pull only one wipe out. I have seen a recommendation to purchase the OXO Wipe Dispenser because it has a weighted insert that helps make this a quicker process for diaper changes. I will definitely be purchasing again because I love the quality of these wipes. I think the positives far outweigh the negatives.
I absolutely love these wipes! Zero chemicals, moist and wipe very well! I've tried numerous brands and this is by far the best I've used. The only complaint I could possibly have (which is not really that big of a deal) is that they don't pull together so I kind of have to pull apart with my hands. But that is definitely not a deal breaker. Wish they were cheaper but its worth it 100%.Hope this helps
Just started using these wipes. I always used Huggies one and done before, but it seemed my daughter would develop a rash every time after I would wipe her. I decided to try these and see if fewer ingredients would help, and it did. These aren't as thick as the huggies, but they also don't tear as easily. These are a little more expensive, but work well and I think I will stick with them.
These are by far the best wipes I've ever used. Ever. I wish I'd known about them for my previous children when they were in diapers. These wipes are thick, and they don't irritate my little ones skin at all. They are easy to use. I've tried pretty much all the brands available, including organic, and these are the best, I highly recommend them.i know they might cost more than others but I'm telling you it's worth it!
We love these wipes. They are gentle on the baby and still work well when my toddler needs them. I love that they aren't filled with chemicals and synthetic fragrances. Worth the extra money to avoid the added toxins.
I swear by these wipes! I love the simplicity and they've always treated my baby's tush well. I rarely have to use creams because these clean without irritating.
Great product! Love it
Extremely thin and cheaply made. Don't expect to clean up a bowel movement with these! Will not buy again.
I switched to these wipes after my 3 week old started developing a diaper rash that seemed to be because of the wipes I was using. I really like them and I'm confident that no matter what I'm wiping, it's gentle and safe. The one con is that they don't dispense nearly as well as other wipes and stick together.
It is very good wipes because it doesn't have other harsh chemicals so it's very gentle for the baby. It will never get dried because it has enough liquid that will really helps to clean the baby good. The only thing I don't like is about the opening because I'm having a hard time just to pull out one at a time. But overall I will recommend this product.
These wipes are amazing! Unable to use regular wipes due to diaper rash on my newborn. Used these combined with honest rapid relief cream and his bum is good as new! Totally beats using warm water and a washcloth every time. The only complaint I have is that they don't pop up like other wipes.
My baby girl has very sensitive skin. All other "gentle" wipes irritate her bottom. These are the only brand that hasn't. They are pricey but totally worth the cost.
The sheets are folded and stacked instead of interwoven. This causes issues like not being able to pull one single sheet. A small stack would come out instead. The resealing flap does not last. After a few uses, the flap doesn't seal anymore and the sheets dry out. The sheets themselves are a bit too rough for my baby's skin.
I love these wipes because they're chemical free. I've been buying them in store for months and finally decided to order online because my local store can't keep them in stock all the time- I guess everybody loves them. :) So two of the three packages I purchased online were a kinda dry. Surprising. Target usually doesn't slip like this.
There may be some minor negative reviews but the most important thing about these wipes are the ingredients water and grapefruit seed extract. No chemicals or fragrances. If you do research on baby wipes, these can actually cause rashes due to chemicals in the wipes. These are top rated on the environmental working group site for baby wipes. I will not be buying any other wipes for my baby.
These WERE my favorite wipes!! They left my son's skin and bottom so clean and odor free! I used to order in the largest box possible...and recommended to all! UNTIL NOW...got my new shipment...TOTALLY DISAPPOINTED as they have changed not only the packaging size (wipe packet is half the size it was)...but they also have changed the size of the wipe...AND the quality!!! Wow!! Total disappointment!!!! WHY can't companies leave well enough alone!!?? You HAD the most fabulous product...now this DOWNGRADE!!! *thumbs down* Ever heard of...if it ain't broke, don't fix it??!! :( Well now, it IS broke...so PLEASE...FIX IT!!! Revert back to the original size and quality! Until then...I am regretfully a customer lost. :(
Most wipes we have used are quilted, these are not. It makes it hard to wipe everything of you little guy's bum.
Our baby has very sensitive skin, we tried multiple brands of wipes and felt like Water Wipes and another organic brand were the only two that worked for her. The difference between the two was that the other brand wipes were drier and we felt like we had to use multiple wipes for the cleaniness that one water wipe could do. My only complaint is I wish the single packs came in the amount of 100 instead of 60. I suggest these wipes to all my family and friends. Definitely worth the money.
Nice wipes although feel rather generic - I do not really see how much better they are then any other brand. Certainly makes me feel better as a parent since I spent more money on something saying that it is natural. On the positive side - these wipes do not have any strong taste which is great for wiping off baby' mouth after eating extra messy stuff like beats
Baby loves water wipes! No rashes, no harm, and only 2 simple ingredients!
Too small and also hard to get out of package. Not smooth.
These seem a little smaller/thinner than the average wipe but you can't beat the ingredients! They can be used for everything...face, hands and of course bottom! They are soft and very wet and clean really well!
I learned about these wipes from the pediatrician as my baby was experiencing constant diaper rash. They are pricier than the mass brands but there are only 2 ingredients whereas sensitive wipes contain one too many chemicals. Plus, it's more convenient than cutting up paper towels and soaking them with water. My only quibble is with how they were shipped - the wipes were already packaged in a box and then placed within a Target shipping box with the inflatable air packs. It was such a waste of unnecessary packaging.
They are almost too wet... Like soaking wet. I wish they weren't quite as wet. I worry that my boys will get a diaper rash after using these wipes because their bottoms are so wet.
I turned to Water Wipes when all of a sudden my Honest wipes and diapers broke out my daughter who had been using Honest for over a year. They are still trying to figure what happened since others are having the same issues I was, but obviously until they resolve it I can't use something that's going to break out my daughter so I switched the wipes and immediately less red then switched to Huggies stay dry and her rash is totally gone. I wish the wipes were a little bigger in size, but besides I really love the wetness and softness of the wipes.
Can't say enough about water wipes! They are wonderful!
Great wipes, seem to be without chemicals.
We love these wipes--have never had a rash since using them. I will say sometimes they're super wet which makes it harder to wipe a #2, but I'll take that over a rash any day! Very gentle!
I adore these wipes. My daughter is 4 months. We've used these the whole time. She's never had irration from the wipes.
I use these wipes on my daughter who has eczema and I couldn't be happier. They are gentle on her delicate skin and very moist. The only issue I have with them is that when I tried using them in my wipe warmer they are not as accessible and I end up pulling at least three of them at a time.
Best (safest) baby wipes available on market for the best value. I subscribed for it to get delivered every 6 weeks.
I love these wipes. Shortly after my son was born he had diaper rash that wouldn't go away. I tried everything and nothing helped. As soon as I switched to water wipes, his diaper rash went away. I love how soft they are. My only complaint is they can be hard to get out of be packaging. But I'll never use a different type of wipe again.
I started using these wipes January 2016 and loved them until my last two shipments. They have become much smaller!!! They do not hold up with poopy diapers. Wish they would return to original size.
I love WaterWipes! Anytime my son gets any sign of irritation, we use these and it goes away! We alternate with Pampers Sensitive since these are a bit pricey and this makes them go a long way. They are more wet cold than other wipes we've tried but they are efficient in getting the job done! I love that I don't have to worry about using them on babies face and hands. I would definitely recommend - something like this is worth a splurge since it comes in contact with babies sensitive skin so often.
My daughter has extremely sensitive skin… I coulf only use non-fragranced and extremely soft wIpes with her. (7th gen or babyganics). Fast forward 4 years I have my second child and these wIpes are far superior to any I've ever used before. They are so soft so not tough on his skin and I love that they are two ingredients thatbat safe for his skin. I wish I had these with my daughter though we've begun using them for her as well as bathroom wIpes. The other bathroom wIpes were leaving her itchy so we tried the baby's wIpes and she get no reaction from these!! If you order in bulk it saves significantly!!
I use these constantly on both my kids and feel safe doing so. My older child complains when I try to use regular wipes on her because they "smell funny."
Love these wipes. So gentle on the baby. I love that I can use them on babies face too.
I have only used two other brands in the past and I wasn't happy. I'm a new mom and this is the only brand I will ever use. You can't get any more natural than this wipes! I hate how other brands false advertise their products naming them "natural" and then when you do your homework and research the ingredients they have nothing natural in them. I'm so happy these wipes exists. I have a 4 month old and she has never had a diaper rash, and I think it has to do with these wipes. I only have to use two wipes when she poops cause these wipes are really wet and they are big, so at then end its more affordable for me, because I'm using less. Totally recommend them.
these wipes are great when compared to the usual brands
Dealing with diaper rash on my 6 week old and everything else was irritating the sensitive skin. This helped be a little gentler during rash times.
It's VERY gentle on the baby. The wipes are very wet, more so than the other brands. The only shortcoming is how thin the wipe is. I wish they were slightly thicker.
We love these wipes they are the best no added chemicals very gentle on baby never had diaper rash swear it's because of these wipes!
These wipes feel so soft and silky. The packs are in the smaller side but that doesn't bother me bc we either put a bunch in a reused container for the nursery or we put an individual pack in the diaper bag. I love using these wipes on my daughters skin knowing it won't irritate her face.
My newborn developed a HORRIBLE diaper rash and once we realized it came from the wipes, we set out on a mission to find something gentle enough for her new baby skin. We tried just about EVERY type/brand on the market and still nothing was gentle enough. We had resorted to just a washcloth and water. Any parent that has had to clean "stinky" diapers that way knows it's no fun. Then a friend told me about "Water Wipes" Comparable to a disposal wash cloth they were perfect for her tender sensitive skin and an answer to our prayers! HIGHLY recomended. A little pricey but worth EVERY penny!
These wipes are great. Everything is natural, only two ingredients, no perfumes or chemicals. I used these for the first three weeks then tried to use another brand. My babies bottom turned bright pink right away, kind of scary. Back to the Wonderful Water Wipes.
I love these wipes because they are made with mostly water and a tiny percent of fruit extract. I can wipe down my baby's entire body and not have to worry about him eating with his hands or putting them in his mouth afterwards. I just wish the wipes were a bit thicker.
Very gentle, non-irritating wipes for tender bottoms or those that are allergic to additives in regular wipes.
These are the best. Other wipes are too harsh on my baby and sometimes the fibers from he wipes get left on him...but not with Water Wipes!!!! He also quit getting diaper rashes when I switched to these months ago. The only thing that is a bummer about these wipes is that they are only sold online or through Target, and our nearest Target is close to 50 miles away :( (Worth the drive though)
I am a first time mom. I have yet to deliver my baby girl, she'll be here in January. I am the type of person who cares what goes in and on my body, so I LOVE that these wipes only have two ingredients, with the main ingredient being water! I gave the product four stars instead of five because I've yet to be able to use them on my baby to know how effective they'll be.
When my baby was first born, a genetic "gentle" wipe actually made his butt so raw it almost bled. for quite some time I just used a tissue with water because that is what my pediatrician recommended. Until I found these!! Baby never ever has diaper rash, and I can use them to wipe his face after feeding. Why on earth would I ever use any other brand? Love!
Have been using for 3 months Pros-no irritation, no diaper rash since I began using, gets baby clean, no residue, not a rough texture Cons- Can't be removed to be placed in wipes warmer, last few wipes are juicy Notes-Squeeze package to redistribute water before each use
I love these wipes for my kids! There's no chemicals added just water and natural grapefruit seed extract. My kids (3) al had sensitive skin and when they would get rashes the other name brand wipes ALWAYS hurt and sting them. I love that I can also use these wipes on their faces and hands and not have to buy a separate product for that! I already have too many things in the diaper bag, so that makes it nice. There isn't any fragrance to these wipes and the skin dries faster with these than with other brands. I feel the wetness of these wipes are a little wetter than most brands but to me that's better than too dry, which I have found in other name brands. I purchase these every month and I highly recommend these to anyone. If this review helped you at all please let me know by clicking the button! Thank you!!
Caregivers and new mommies have been told to not use wet ones or the wet ones warmer...too bad, The warm wet ones were pretty nice, however, the water wipes do lend you to feeling like its all OK to use these, after all us older moms who had nothing of the kind and used wash rags were weary from all the towel washing. right? So these are very handy and comfortable to use.
Very wet, made in Ireland, good for sensitive skin.
These are the ONLY wipes I will use on my newborn. They are great quality (soft & moist), get the job done and the best part is that they are chemical free. A must-have for moms.
Expensive but highly recommended. I was using babyganics but hated the smell. I like that this doesn't have a scent at all and works great for my baby's sensitive bottom, face and hands.
Both my babies suffer from super sensitive skin. My son would break out in diaper rash so bad he had blisters that would bleed. He would scream in pain every time we changed his diapers. It was heart wrenching!! So the doctors office told me to switch to just a cold wet wash cloth. It totally fixed his problem (which led me to believe it was the wipes causing the problem). When we had my daughter I did not want my parents who watched our son for us to deal with using a wash cloth or me having to deal with a pail full of yucky wash clothes when I got home. So I search for a solution and found these. THEY ARE GREAT!! They do not bother him at all! I will have to say though, they will mold if you do not use them fast enough (I still used wet wash clothes when home, so did not go through the wipes fast at all!), since they really don't have anything to prevent them from molding. That being said, I have only had one pack mold on me in 16 months.
I'm so thankful for these wipes! Our baby gets a terrible rash from other wipes, even all natural and/or "sensitive skin". These are soft and work well. No more rash!
Feel great about using these wipes on my little one. I've been using them since day 1 and he hasn't had any diaper rash or skin issues. I tried using them in a warmer, but they dried up. I later noticed that it is not recommended. I'm ok with it, given how much I love the wipes.
I've tried others because these are a little on the pricey side but I always come back to them. These wipes are durable, light -weight and soft. I love that they can be used on the face.
I really love these wipes despite the price. I think it's a bit expensive for pretty much cloth and water, but I am willing to pay it for the convenience! Before I started using these, I would "make" my own wipes with dry cloths and water, which was cheaper, but not necessarily convenient. Besides the price, I really only have one complaint about these wipes. It is quite difficult to get ahold of just one wipe sometimes. Sometimes, I accidentally grab several and have to shove some back into the package. It's just a minor annoyance, but it would be super if they could come up with an easier method of getting wipes out of the package. Over all, this is a great product!
Slick material, irritated skin. Wish I could give this product zero stars.
I love these wipes! It's great to wipe off my son's hands and face with just water on a soft wipe after he makes a mess eating so we've been using these since he was 6 months old. Much easier than a wet paper towel (we keep these in an Oxo wipe box right by his high chair) and a better option than other soapy, chemically baby wipes since his hands go right in his mouth. I think they're a bit overpriced but I haven't found a comparable option. We also use them for our diaper bag wipes and they're a good size and thickness to get that job done as well (we use cloth wipes at home for diapers).
I have two kids with sesitive skin. They easily get rashes from various diapers or wipes. I was told about water wipes when my son started rashing with the only other wipes my daughter can use so i gave them a try and love them. Nothing but water so rashes have dropped to almost non-existent. Great for everything and i never have to worry about if they are safe for hands and face. Only issue is the amount of water in the wipes on the bottom but i just ring them out really well before putting them in a ziplock bag.
We love these wipes! We've been using them since our son (now nearly 10 months old) was born, and they're great. We love that they don't have a strong frangrance, and that they are so gentle on our baby's sensitive skin. We also use Earth's Best Tender Care diapers, Tom's of Maine Diaper Cream, and dry our son's bum with a cloth after wiping; no diaper rash! My only tip is to get the wipes out of the package before taking baby's dirty diaper off. :)
I like these, I can use them on my face, and they don't irritate down there. I bought these to test on myself before baby comes (I know, that's a weird thing to do) But other natural wipes irritated my skin after using them so much. These you can use as many as you like and they don't burn or irritate. They dont grip like some other wipes do, but work just as well.
With 2 recognizable ingredients vs. a laundry list in others, it's nice to know what's going on infant skin.
I have tried several different brands of wipes and these are my absolute favorite. My daughter has extremely sensitive skin and other wipes contained alcohol that would burn her and make rashes worse. Since these have no chemicals they are perfect for her and her rash cleared up quickly after we switched. Two cons: 1) they aren't folded together so the next wipe doesn't pop out for you. 2) Because they can dry out easier than wipes with chemicals you can't switch them into different containers. But they're still AMAZING!
Size of the wipes got smaller. I am a regular costumer. I always ordered from target ever since my baby was born a year ago. I found a chapter place to order from but the size was small so I came back to target until my last order. It came in as small as the other wipes but target charged me the same price as it did for the larger size. And there was no indication of it under description of the item.
Work great. Chemical free!
Our newborn daughter developed rashes with the Pamper sensitive wipes after 2 days of use. Doctor suggested no wipes at all or water based. We looked up on the internet and found Water Wipes. They seem to be the only ones of its kind so no other choices.Most importantly no more rashes. A bit expensive then the regular wipes so we may stop after few months. But the wipes are great and very durable. Don't flush them.
Our son has very sensitive skin. I've tried so many other companies wipes. There are just 2 simple ingredients. They are thick enough wipes that don't rip.
These wipes work perfect for my baby. I usually need only one to clean him, two at most for really big messes, so they turn out to be not that expensive in the end.
These are our second favorite sensitive wipe (first is Honest CO). I think the only thing that would make these tied for first place is if the wipes had a different texture to be able to grab onto heavy messes. Otherwise love these wipes too--very moist won't dry out, good standard size, a little cheaper than other brands.
These wipes are fantastic! They are as pure as your can find on the market.
Love these natural wipes! Helped clear up my daughter's diaper rash. They're very wet inside the package and shed a few fibers if you wipe too hard, but work well and are a natural product.
these wipes are great, use them along with pampers swaddlers and mama earth angel baby balm and we have never had diaper rash! Just an FYI -- I purchase this value size over the value box (540 wipes) because the wipes in the larger box are a little smaller then the wipes in this value size (240 wipes)
LOVED these wipes until my latest shipment arrived. They are significantly smaller! I looked at other wipes on shelf and almost every competitive wipe was wider than these now. Very disappointed and will be looking for a more user friendly wipe.
The best wipes!! My son has sensitive skin and "sensitive" wipes would irritate and result in screams. These wipes are fabulous!!
Awesome! No allergies! Perfect!
I keep these wipes on my kitchen table to use on hands and faces. They are a good quality wipe, good size, and don't have a weird smell like some natural wipes do. The problem with them is that they are kind of difficult to get out of the package and that's why I don't use them for diaper changes when I often need to get multiple wipes out quickly with one hand.
These are the best wipes you can use on your newborn. They are super thick and soft. I was using pampers wipes and I hated it so much it gave my baby a terrible rash n it leave little strings on her skin but thanks to water wipes my baby is now rash free. Also these wipes are truly unscented unlike all the other so call unscented wipes out there. Love these wipes however they are kind of expensive but worth it
I ordered 2 boxes of these wipes because of the great reviews. I'm disappointed of the quality of wipes, they seems thin, and none of the wipes were connected, I have to keep opening the wipe box in order to get the next wipe. I'm going to returned the second box and exchange for Honest wipes.
I Love these wipes, I have a very sensitive baby with eczema, these are the only wipes we have found that don't cause her to have a diaper rash.
Love that these are all natural and very soft. Wish they were cheaper though.
Love these wipes for being 99% water-based. They are very moist and durable, my daughter has sensitive skin and easily gets rashes. We have had no issues with these wipes.
my son is allergic so some of the perfumes in other wipes these are great and no rash from these
We use these wipes for everything. Never had any issues. I just wish Target sold the big box in stores as well.
My baby is 10 days old and after we ran out of the hospital wipes we switched to Water Wipes. I love the idea that they are chemical free so I'm willing to pay the extra price for a safer alternative. My concerns are that some people, according to their reviews, have found mold in the packaging. I haven't experienced this, but I'm keeping a close eye on mine to make sure I'm not wiping my baby with mold. Another concern is that they do not separate easily like most wipes. I am constantly having to dig in the original packaging for the next wipe and will often pull too many at once because they stick together. Wasteful. I have tried other wipe dispensers and Water Wipes still do not dispense correctly. We bought a wipe warmer to see if it would work any better but had no success. I like the wipe itself but it's a hassle to separate them every time.
I love this wipes and TARGET's service was great!
Very safe and full of moisture. Great product
Recommended by a family member that has a baby with eczema. I bought a pack of these to use when my daughter had severe diaper rash with open sores. We didn't use any wipes while at home and only washed her in the sink with water, but we needed something when we were out. These were the closest to being "only water" and worked great for us and were gentle. I would continue to use them if they weren't so pricey.
I am not a fan of water wipes because they have a weird texture that makes it difficult to actually wipe a babies butt and they are too watery. When I got down to the last 8 or so wipes, they were dripping water.
We love these wipes! My baby has very sensitive skin and breaks out with most wipes brands and diaper brands. These wipes are so pure! They don't make her eczema worse, and they are very gentle on her. I love them and only use these wipes now! So grateful for a product like this!
These wipes are the best. No extra harsh unnecessary ingredients. I use on my face and body. It removes makeup with ease. I keep in my purse, bathroom and bedroom. Excellent quality the fabric of the wipe does not collapse or fall apart, very strong wipes. Great quality for the price.
Awesome. My son has such sensitive skin and these wipes are a life saver.
By 3 weeks old my grandsons bottom was raw and bleeding, knowing that he was changed and cleaned like clockwork, we thought he may have been having a reaction to the chemicals in a variety of different brands of baby wipes. We discovered Water Wipes and gave them a try. The baby is almost 6 months now and since that initial, horrible irratation cleared up, we have used Water Wipes, exclusively and he has never had another diaper rash or diaper area skin irratation. Only negatives about Water Wipes is that they're not always easy to get out of the packaged one at a time and they're not well stocked and only seem to be available at Target.
My son had frequent diarrhea due to antibiotics and typical wipes only irritate worse. I searched for wipes without perfumes and chemicals and sure enough target pulled through. These water wipes are water and a tiny bit of grape seed extract and that's it! They are so soft and best of all they do not irritate baby's bum! He no longer screams at diaper changes, plus I can use them for everything! It's just water. I clean his face with no concern. My other son always wanted to suck on wipes, had I known about these I would not have stressed. I swear by them and recommend them to everyone. My new staple baby shower gift. They are also super affordable.
Best wipes out there!!
Great wipes seems to not irritate my newborns skin like pampers or Huggins regular wipes. however, why so much money for 99.9% water wipes? You would think that less in=less cost. If anything, these wipes have sold me on using reusable wipes and saving a ton.
when my baby was a newborn we found out he was sensitive to the generic baby wipes like huggies, even when they were free and clear or natural. These wipes were essential for the first couple of months. Since then we have gradually move to the seventh generation wipes.
I like the fact that these are just water and grapefruit seed extract. Yes, they don't come out of the package perfectly but I can deal with that to have a wipe without chemicals. I now citrus can cause sun sensitivity in some (it's a contact dermatitis) but my son's bum isn't exposed to the sun very often at this point. They work well for us, I will continue to use them.
These baby wipes are the best because their gentle & remain very moist even when you've forgotten to close the pack. We use it on our newborn baby & appreciate its chemical free and fragrance free. Our baby hasn't suffered from any diaper rashes or skin irritations. Will continue using throughout our child's life than the big brands. Each wipe is also a decent size & offers multiple 'fold over' usage, minimizing waste. Got this single pack, as the jumbo pack tends to be unavailable and added it to my super pack stockpile.
These baby wipes are the best because their gentle & remain very moist even when you've forgotten to close the pack. We use it on our newborn baby & appreciate its chemical free and fragrance free. Our baby hasn't suffered from any diaper rashes or skin irritations. Will continue using throughout our child's life than the big brands. The only hack I'd say they need to improve upon is how easily the folded wipes can be taken out. Sometimes you'd think you're grabbing one, but three wipes come out at a time.
I really enjoy these wipes they can be difficult to get out of the package but absolutely worth it knowing I am not cleaning my little one with a bunch of chemicals.
Exactly what my triplets deserve. Less Chemicals on their little bodies, pure but cleans! I LOVE products like this. They were also nice enough to send me several samples- great company. Good price from target
As gentle and harmless as a wipe could be.
Chemicals are bad and these have none. Amazing for newborns or any age.
Love these wipes! Glad I found them!
We've a 10 week-old so we are newbies at this but thus far we've tried The Honest Company Wipes and Babyganics Wipes. My favorites are Water Wipes. The Honest Company wipes are pricier and they have a subtle odor that I'd don't hate but don't love . Babganics I like b/c they are really moist but the odor, I don't like at all. Water Wipes have no odor, they wipe with ease and absorb well. I also tear them in half b/c my little one is still too little to justify an entire wipe at once but what I like is that a. I can do that and b. when I do it the wipe doesn't fall apart. Cheeap ones do. I like that the product is just water with minimal grape seed (I believe it's grape see) as a preservative. Highly recommend these wipes, especially for any parent who is concerned about the ingredients in their kid's products.
These are the absolute best wipes! The only ingredients are water and a fruit extract, all other wipes I tried had a ton of ingredients (even if they said "natural"). They are really soft on baby's bottom and don't come apart and leave residue like other wipes.
Great wipes. My baby has sensitive skin and these wipes are the only ones that did not irritate his skin.
Love these wipes, we've been using them for a year now. No odor, they don't dry out the skin. Completely chemical and alcohol free.
My DD has beyond sensitive skin. These are the ONLY wipes we are able to use without a rash reaction. Not only are they sensitive skin safe, but they are really dutiable and soft. I'd give 5 stars, but my only hang-up is that the wipes get difficult to pull out once you are about halfway through a bag.
Love these wipes! My daughter has very sensitive skin and these work great for us!
These wipes have almost nothing in them. They are soft and safe for any part of your baby's body. Since there is nothing in them, I don't worry about my son munching on a wipe or getting into them. I even use them on my face to take off make-up.
After trying all products, this is the best wipes ever!!!
As a first time mom it's been all trial and error with wipes. After first testing a few other brands used in the hospital and after my newborn had diaper rash for 2 weeks, I was told to try the water wipes. After less than a day of using these along with diaper rash cream, the rash disappeared. They work amazing and I don't feel guilty using chemically filled wipes on my baby's sensitive skin. Definitely recommend!!
I love these wipes because they only have a few ingredients, all safe for baby. I will never use another wipe.
The wipes are a little pricey but worth it. My daughter was a preemie and had a sensitive bum. When using these wipes, I rarely used diaper rash cream. The wipes are so soft to use. I did a wipe test by taking a different brand wipe and a water wipe. My entire family chose the water wipes by the feel. They are amazing!
Love this product! When i had my first child who is now 9yrs old this product did not exist I wish it did because my daughter got diaper rash. When I had my second child who is now 5 months I knew I wanted to do something different. I been using water wipes since the birth of my son and he has not gotten diaper rash. What a relief this really works! Worth every penny:)
I've tried other brands, but nothing like Waterwipes.
I love this product! My micro preemie has really sensitive skin and this water wipes works wonders with him!
Love these diapers. No skin irritation an can hold up to overnight wear without leaks.
these are the only wipes I will ever use on my baby! They are free of chemicals and soft and non-irritating. Wish they were a bit cheaper, but I guess you get what you pay for. They are worth it to me!
There is nothing like a natural product and these wipes are pure water. My 5 month old tried all brand names wipes out there, alcohol free, hypoallergenic, no fragrance, etc and the diaper rash was not getting away. Until I found this product. Literally, these wipes save my baby's but. As of today I just use these wipes and the up&cup diaper rash from target.
I've been using these for the last 16 months and couldn't be happier with them. They are gentle on baby's bottom, both in terms of softness and the lack of unnecessary ingredients. They stay wet the whole package through (although I do not use a warmer). We actually use them for grown-up bath wipes as well. Highly recommend!
Bought these wipes to use on my newborn and decided to try a package out on my toddler first. They are very soft and gentle. The do a good job of cleaning up what they need to without harsh chemicals. Two things I didn't know before purchasing they can't be transferred to any alternative container like a travel case or the wipe warmer and once package is opened they need to be used within 4 weeks because there are no preservatives or binders in the product.
I tried for my newborn a lot of natural brands. I like this one most because they are the most thick and most moist. The reasons I use 4 stars instead of 5 are first of all because i read about them that they have not enouth cemicals to stay fresh for a long period of time. So i wont buy it for todler, because u use with todler them not so regular and there can be a risk of must. But i only' ve read about this, its not my expearence because i use it for newborn it never was open for longer than a week. The second reason is the price, it seams that they are most expencive ones, but because they are most moist, i'm using less number of wipes to make clean my baby.
I love that these don't have any harsh chemicals. They are pretty strong and durable,which surprised at first. Worth the price
Water Wipes have helped soothe our baby's sensitive bum and have kept away diaper rash. We love that they don't have a strong smell and almost never dry out. Worth every penny!
Affordable and as natural as it gets! If you subscribe and save and use your target card you get 10% off.
These wipes were recommended to me by a good friend and I must say - we LOVE these wipes. The wipes themselves are super stretchy and soft, while the fact that they contain no other chemicals but water and grapefruit extract gives us the peace of mind that if our little girl gets a rash of any kind, we can rest assured knowing that these aren't the cause of it. We've tried Pampers and Babyganics wipes as well, but have yet to find another brand of wipes that is both safe and super easy to use than these guys. Be warned, the bags they come in make it a little hard to pull one wipe out at a time.
The wipes are also great for cleaning faces and messy hands. You can have peace of mind knowing that you are providing a safer, natural option for your children. Thanks WaterWipes! Glad to see you in the U.S.!
Love these wipes for our baby. Water based can be used on entire body. Very moist and helps with diaper rash since is 99% water based. No weire scent either. We love them.
These are the best wipes. Great ingredients and very moist. They are all I will use.
Love these washcloths! They're super cute, and comes in handy, I use these to clean my newborns face and hands, and also to dry her tush after a diaper change,I keep one in every diaper bag, and I have already order an extra pack
I like the water wipes. They clean well and are made without chemicals so I love that. However, they seem to be really wet as compared to most other baby wipes. You kind of have to let the baby dry before putting on the diaper. That however does not deter me from using them. I like that I am using something better for my child's health and well-being.
I tried a lot of other wipes, but they all gave my baby diaper rash because he has really sensitive skin. I was resigned to using warm wet wash cloths (gross, but they worked). Then I found these wipes, and suddenly I was free from constant poo laundry--hooray! I've been using them for months now and he does fine with them. So if you've tried the sensitive, naturals etc other wipes with no luck, all is not lost. Water Wipes to the rescue! I highly recommend them. Also, you can dispense them right from the package, it had a re-sealable sticky top.
There wipes are amazing I love that they are just water and grape seed oil!!!! My son had to have surgery where I was not supposed to use wipes with alcohol in them so I went on a search and I found these. I was previously using pampers sensitive wipes and I feel these clean his bottom better. I am going to continue to use these forever I wish I had them for my first 2 kids:)
My baby suffered from on and off diaper rashes for her whole first year of life... these wipes cleared them up and gave me peace of mind. oNE LESS thing to worry about in raising our first child!
Started using these on day 5 when my little bitty had really red booty. After 6 months of use my little bitty has yet to need diaper cream. 0 irritation = happy Mama!
Absolutely love this wipes! Wouldn't go for any of those other chemical filled wipes! My daughter is almost 5 months and we have used these since day 1. No diaper rashes!!! Our family loves WaterWipes!! Thanks Target!!
These are by far the best baby wipes I've ever used. I have peace of mind knowing that these wipes are chemical free. We enjoy the nice, soft, non-perfumy wipes and prefer them above all others. I even use them to remove makeup in a pinch! The price and availability of the product are also nice!
I love these wipes; they get the job done without leaving chemicals all over baby's skin. They are also more versatile than standard wipes- I can use them to clean baby's face and hands and not worry about what chemicals are being left behind on his skin. At 5 cents a wipe, Target also has the best price for these.
Our daughter is allergic to soy and wheat, found in many wipe products. These do the trick of actually performing like a wipe without the chemicals, unlike other natural brands.
My daughter has very sensitive skin and I used the pampers sensitive wipes once and within that same day she had diaper rash. I used these wipes and nothing. She's clean and no rash and I'm happy. Will definitely continue to buy these wipes.
We have been using the water wipes for about a month now. My daughter has really sensitive skin (breaks onto rash on contact sometimes) and we are always searching for non toxic, natural alternatives for her. The water wipes are it for us! She did not have any reaction. They are thick and strong, yet very soft on her delicate skin ( you wont end up with baby poo on your hands :). They are very moist, they literally feel like I am washing her. I love the smell of the grapefruit extract and it is not so strong that lingers on baby skin like other wipes do. I even wipe her face and nose with it sometimes now and I am picky about what I put on her skin. I keep them in their plastic wrap and sometimes put it in a wiper warmer. One thing I would say that can be improved is that they do not come out easily, they stick to each other and I have to always open the containers, to pull it. Even in their original plastic wrap it is hard to pull it sometimes. But that will not stop us from buying them. They are a great buy for parents that are searching for gentle options! I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own.
We have been using the water wipes for about a month now. My daughter has really sensitive skin (breaks onto rash on contact sometimes) and we are always searching for non toxic, natural alternatives for her. The water wipes are it for us! She did not have any reaction. They are thick and strong, yet very soft on her delicate skin ( you wont end up with baby poo on your hands :). They are very moist, they literally feel like I am washing her. I love the smell of the grapefruit extract and it is not so strong that lingers on baby skin like other wipes do. I even wipe her face and nose with it sometimes now and I am picky about what I put on her skin. I keep them in their plastic wrap and sometimes put it in a wiper warmer. One thing I would say that can be improved is that they do not come out easily, they stick to each other and I have to always open the containers, to pull it. Even in their original plastic wrap it is hard to pull it sometimes. But that will not stop us from buying them. They are a great buy for parents that are searching for gentle options! I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own.
I am a mom of three kids, ages one month, one year, and three years, so we go through a ton of baby wipes in our home. I use them for everything from their intended use, to wiping up spills, to washing little hands and faces. We keep wipes in the diaper bag, in the car, and in just about every room in the house. It has always been a concern of mine that traditional baby wipes are full of so many harsh chemicals but most natural baby wipes don't get the job done. It makes it hard for moms who want to keep the chemicals away from their children, but don't have the time, or the money, use a ton of wipes tring to get the job done. Water Wipes, however, are made from just 99.9% pure Irish water and 0.1% Grapefruit Seed Extract, but they work just as well, if not better, than other baby wipes. I love that they can clean my baby's bottom easily, and clean everything off my toddlers' faces in just one pass. In this house, I need products to work and Water Wipes Work. I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own.
I am a mom of three kids, ages one month, one year, and three years, so we go through a ton of baby wipes in our home. I use them for everything from their intended use, to wiping up spills, to washing little hands and faces. We keep wipes in the diaper bag, in the car, and in just about every room in the house. It has always been a concern of mine that traditional baby wipes are full of so many harsh chemicals but most natural baby wipes don't get the job done. It makes it hard for moms who want to keep the chemicals away from their children, but don't have the time, or the money, use a ton of wipes tring to get the job done. Water Wipes, however, are made from just 99.9% pure Irish water and 0.1% Grapefruit Seed Extract, but they work just as well, if not better, than other baby wipes. I love that they can clean my baby's bottom easily, and clean everything off my toddlers' faces in just one pass. In this house, I need products to work and Water Wipes Work. I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own.
Once I had kids, I became increasingly aware of all the chemicals and unnatural products in virtually everything that we use and ingest. Seeing all the chemicals and ingredients that I could not pronounce in the baby wipes that we use, makes me a bit worried- especially when we use the wipes to clean our kids’ faces after eating or cleaning up when they have colds. I was very excited for the opportunity to try Water Wipes! Water Wipes are European wipes for babies (and kids) that only contains 99.9% water and 0.1% grapefruit seed extract. NO chemicals. I was very excited for the fact that I can use these on my 3 month old’s face and not worry about him ingesting chemicals on accident! Another thing I worried about was the fact that these wipes do not have chemicals- I worried that they’d get moldy or expire, but they are good for two years unopened and 3 months after opening. We’ll definitely use up the wipes way before then! The wipe itself is very soft, unscented and comes out of the package not interfolded. So far we are loving Water Wipes for our family. I feel confident and at ease using Water Wipes. The wipes are gentle on my infant’s skin and strong enough to tackle my 4 year old’s messy face/hands! I definitely recommend these wipes to anyone who is concerned about chemicals in their baby products! I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own!
Once I had kids, I became increasingly aware of all the chemicals and unnatural products in virtually everything that we use and ingest. Seeing all the chemicals and ingredients that I could not pronounce in the baby wipes that we use, makes me a bit worried- especially when we use the wipes to clean our kids’ faces after eating or cleaning up when they have colds. I was very excited for the opportunity to try Water Wipes! Water Wipes are European wipes for babies (and kids) that only contains 99.9% water and 0.1% grapefruit seed extract. NO chemicals. I was very excited for the fact that I can use these on my 3 month old’s face and not worry about him ingesting chemicals on accident! Another thing I worried about was the fact that these wipes do not have chemicals- I worried that they’d get moldy or expire, but they are good for two years unopened and 3 months after opening. We’ll definitely use up the wipes way before then! The wipe itself is very soft, unscented and comes out of the package not interfolded. So far we are loving Water Wipes for our family. I feel confident and at ease using Water Wipes. The wipes are gentle on my infant’s skin and strong enough to tackle my 4 year old’s messy face/hands! I definitely recommend these wipes to anyone who is concerned about chemicals in their baby products! I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own!
I received this product from Influence central to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own. My children have very sensitive skin. So finding wipes and diapers that doesn't leave them with a red bum can be a challenge. I tried the Water Wipes 240 value pack. I like that the wipes are soft, unscented, and don't leave any residue on my baby's skin. My only complaints are that I wish these wipes were biodegradable. And the packaging was better. The tab over the wipes lost its stick. And the wipes don't pop up well out of the package. Overall I was very pleased. Not only are the wipes gentle, but very effective in cleaning.
I received this product from Influence central to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own. My children have very sensitive skin. So finding wipes and diapers that doesn't leave them with a red bum can be a challenge. I tried the Water Wipes 540 super value pack. I like that the wipes are soft, unscented, and don't leave any residue on my baby's skin. My only complaints are that I wish these wipes were biodegradable. And the packaging was better. The tab over the wipes lost its stick. And the wipes don't pop up well out of the package. Overall I was very pleased. Not only are the wipes gentle, but very effective in cleaning.
Helped us eliminate diaper rash. ALL other kinds have tons of chemicals and aggravated our little one (our baby has very sensitive skin) Only negative thing is that the wipes themselves don't have any texture.
Before I found this product I was wetting washcloths because other baby wipes were burning my baby's bottom. On-the-go lifesaver!
I am truly impressed by WaterWipes! As a mom of 3 kids 4 and under, I have lots of bottoms, faces, and sticky messes to wipe. I use wipes for everything, and always have a package on hand. But I can't help but be concerned about unnatural additives in products designed for my kids. WaterWipes are, hands down, the best wipe I have ever used. I feel they are a more natural choice than other disposable wipes on the market. They're surprisingly effective at cleaning, considering they're mostly water. I love that they're so gentle and incredibly soft! I only wish I had found them sooner for my sensitive skinned little ones. We have no more crying when I use a wipe to clean faces or irritated bottoms since we started using WaterWipes. I seriously love these wipes! I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own.
I am truly impressed by WaterWipes! As a mom of 3 kids 4 and under, I have lots of bottoms, faces, and sticky messes to wipe. I use wipes for everything, and always have a package on hand. But I can't help but be concerned about unnatural additives in products designed for my kids. WaterWipes are, hands down, the best wipe I have ever used. I feel they are a more natural choice than other disposable wipes on the market. They're surprisingly effective at cleaning, considering they're mostly water. I love that they're so gentle and incredibly soft! I only wish I had found them sooner for my sensitive skinned little ones. We have no more crying when I use a wipe to clean faces or irritated bottoms since we started using WaterWipes. I seriously love these wipes! I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own.
I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own. I recently tried out WaterWipes with my two year old son. He has sensitive skin and I loved how gentle it was. I LOVE that it is a chemical free baby wipe. We are expecting baby number two in a few short weeks and I'm so glad I found a wipe that only has two ingredients. With only water and .1% grapefruit seed extract it provides a convenient, natural, and chemical free option for my children. Since these baby wipes don't have any preservatives in them it is recommended that you use them within three months once opened. Not a problem if your kids are like mine and could use being wiped down every 5 minutes! The wipes were soft and gentle on skin but got the job done. I loved that they didn't make his sensitive cheeks red when I used it on his face. Before coming across this brand I didn't even realize how many chemicals are in regular brands.
I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own. I recently tried out WaterWipes with my two year old son. He has sensitive skin and I loved how gentle it was. I LOVE that it is a chemical free baby wipe. We are expecting baby number two in a few short weeks and I'm so glad I found a wipe that only has two ingredients. With only water and .1% grapefruit seed extract it provides a convenient, natural, and chemical free option for my children. Since these baby wipes don't have any preservatives in them it is recommended that you use them within three months once opened. Not a problem if your kids are like mine and could use being wiped down every 5 minutes! The wipes were soft and gentle on skin but got the job done. I loved that they didn't make his sensitive cheeks red when I used it on his face. Before coming across this brand I didn't even realize how many chemicals are in regular brands.
I am one of those Moms that uses baby wipes for everything. Wiping little bums, wiping messy faces and hands, cleaning up the mystery sticky substance out of my three year old's car seat cup holder, the list goes on and on. I know that the wipes I have been using have more than just water in them and I can often see the chemical affects on sensitive little bums. I have been so thrilled to find and switch to WaterWipes. These European wipes are super durable and made with only two ingredients: Irish Water and Grapefruit Seed Extract! No harmful chemicals. Not only that, they are soaking wet, making them even more useful than a standard wipe. I can use one WaterWipe for a messy job where I might have had to use three or four to clean up the same mess with the other brands. I love these wipes! I can feel good about using them because they are a more natural option making them super safe for little bums, and their sweet, and often sticky, faces and hands. I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own.
I am one of those Moms that uses baby wipes for everything. Wiping little bums, wiping messy faces and hands, cleaning up the mystery sticky substance out of my three year old's car seat cup holder, the list goes on and on. I know that the wipes I have been using have more than just water in them and I can often see the chemical affects on sensitive little bums. I have been so thrilled to find and switch to WaterWipes. These European wipes are super durable and made with only two ingredients: Irish Water and Grapefruit Seed Extract! No harmful chemicals. Not only that, they are soaking wet, making them even more useful than a standard wipe. I can use one WaterWipe for a messy job where I might have had to use three or four to clean up the same mess with the other brands. I love these wipes! I can feel good about using them because they are a more natural option making them super safe for little bums, and their sweet, and often sticky, faces and hands. I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own.
I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own. When Ifirst received the WaterWipes to review, I was very impressed by them right off the bat just by reading the packaging. I say this because with the WaterWipes, Ifound that they are made with only 2 ingredients and that they are both effective as well as durable when it comes to wiping bottoms, hands and faces, as well as surfaces. The ingredients include pure Irish water and grapefruit seed extract. I can appreciate that they are safe to use, contain no perfumes oralcohol, and can be used on babies sensitive skin. I can also appreciate that when it comes to my older kids, they are safe to use on them as well when we arewashing hands and faces or even using them to wipe a nose. Making the WaterWipesa great brand of wipes to have on hand for any parents!
By the sacred sword of the trickling falls of Gieta, these are the best Wet Wipes ever. My entire family swears by them and we don't go anywhere without them. The beach, the park, the movies...and forget ever camping without the chemical free freshness of Wet Wipes. The make everything better. You won't remember how you got along without it. Make sure to buy enough so there will be some left for your tiny tot. Sharing is caring. Always be sure to use the best. You'll leave the bathroom feeling like you just took a shower.
We have been using these since our son was born. He has very sensitive skin and these are probably the most natural wipes we have found; they only contain water and fruit extract.
I was really excited to get to try out WaterWipes for this blog post. I use wipes in my home all the time for everything and I had never heard of this brand before so I thought it would be great to try something new. I have a 9 year old daughter with a syndrome and a lot of developmental delays so she is not fully potty trained and is more like a 4 year old when it comes to wiping her hands, cleaning up after herself, etc. So for me, baby wipes have been a lifesaver since the day she was born! As soon as I opened the WaterWipes package I was thrilled and immediately started using them and haven't stopped using them. My daughter has an iPad that she uses all the time, and of course it needs cleaned at least twice a day for germs and food residue. The first time I tried the WaterWipes on it I was amazed at the job they did - they are far more damp than regular wipes which makes them superb for cleaning up messes of any kind. I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own.
While I'm not much of an organic mom, I do try to make sure all of the products I use on my daughter are as chemical free and safe as possible. For just over a year, we used Honest Company wipes as they were part of a bundle, but in an attempt to go even more chemical free, I tried Water Wipes. In looking at the ingredients, I saw that there are two: water and grapefruit extract. How much more natural can you get? They were made by a mom who had a child who suffered from diaper rash, so I know I could trust it on my daughter's sensitive skin. My favorite part about these wipes is there is no smell! It is like using a wet washcloth on my baby, so in addition to wiping her during diaper changes, I have no qualms using it on her hands or her face after meals, or to wipe a snotty nose. The product recommends that you use within three months once opened because they are preservative free (which any mom would do!),and I had no issues with drying out. My only complaint is that the wipes do stick together, so you have to work to get just one or two out of the container. This is due to the fact that they are not interfolded so they remain sterile. Well worth it to make sure my daughter receives the safest product on the market. I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own.
While I'm not much of an organic mom, I do try to make sure all of the products I use on my daughter are as chemical free and safe as possible. For just over a year, we used Honest Company wipes as they were part of a bundle, but in an attempt to go even more chemical free, I tried Water Wipes. In looking at the ingredients, I saw that there are two: water and grapefruit extract. How much more natural can you get? They were made by a mom who had a child who suffered from diaper rash, so I know I could trust it on my daughter's sensitive skin. My favorite part about these wipes is there is no smell! It is like using a wet washcloth on my baby, so in addition to wiping her during diaper changes, I have no qualms using it on her hands or her face after meals, or to wipe a snotty nose. The product recommends that you use within three months once opened because they are preservative free (which any mom would do!),and I had no issues with drying out. My only complaint is that the wipes do stick together, so you have to work to get just one or two out of the container. This is due to the fact that they are not interfolded so they remain sterile. Well worth it to make sure my daughter receives the safest product on the market. I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own.
I had a hard time finding something that was natual, no fragrance and no chemicals because the big name brands would cause severe rash and welps. Saw someone talking about these on the internet and decided to give them a try, have not looked back since. Great quality cloth they are made of too, they do not rip apart when wiping. I always seem to buy them from Target's website, never think to buy them from the store or look elsewhere, not even sure that Target has the best price. I was just so glad I found them, would pay a lot more if I had to.
I recently started using WaterWipes for diaper changing time as well as for general all around clean up wipes. I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own. Waterwipes is a European brand that I previously had not heard of. Available in convenient 240 & 540 count varieties. The biggest thing that drew me to the WaterWipes brand is the fact that they are chemical free. We are exposed to so many chemicals in our lives that we have no control over, when we can control our exposure I'm definitely all for it. They have only 2 ingredients, 99.9% Irish water & 0.1% grapefruit seed extract. I found this intriguing and questioned how well they would be able to clean. When I opened my first pack of wipes I was pleasantly surprised by the lack of perfume smell I've grown accustomed to smelling from traditional wipes. There is a very faint "fresh" smell. Next I was surprised by how easily they pulled from the pack. To maintain a sterile environment within the package, the wipes are not interfolded, you are pulling out 1 at a time. I thought it might be hard to grab the next wipe however I was wrong, I had no difficulty. The third thing I was surprised by is how thick the wipes are. The packs seem smaller than other wipes wrongly leading me to think they would not be comparably thick. Finely I was again surprised by how tenderly and effectively these wipes clean. I think we can all relate to how difficult it can be to clean a red irritated little bottom. Not only did WaterWipes effectively clean but I also didn't have a child squirming from the wipes burning or irritating the compromised skin. I have found my household using Waterwipes for everyday general cleanups. Whether its a dirty nose or sticky fingers in the car, Waterwipes is our new "go to". The only negative thing I can say for Waterwipes isn't truly negative. Because they are natural without preservatives, they are recommended to be used within 3 months of opening...with all of the uses for these wipes they won't last that long. The unopened packaged will keep for up to 2 years so stocking up is no problem. For anyone looking for a safe, effective, multi-use, top of the line wipe, your search is over!
I recently started using WaterWipes for diaper changing time as well as for general all around clean up wipes. I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own. Waterwipes is a European brand that I previously had not heard of. Available in convenient 240 & 540 count varieties. The biggest thing that drew me to the WaterWipes brand is the fact that they are chemical free. We are exposed to so many chemicals in our lives that we have no control over, when we can control our exposure I'm definitely all for it. They have only 2 ingredients, 99.9% Irish water & 0.1% grapefruit seed extract. I found this intriguing and questioned how well they would be able to clean. When I opened my first pack of wipes I was pleasantly surprised by the lack of perfume smell I've grown accustomed to smelling from traditional wipes. There is a very faint "fresh" smell. Next I was surprised by how easily they pulled from the pack. To maintain a sterile environment within the package, the wipes are not interfolded, you are pulling out 1 at a time. I thought it might be hard to grab the next wipe however I was wrong, I had no difficulty. The third thing I was surprised by is how thick the wipes are. The packs seem smaller than other wipes wrongly leading me to think they would not be comparably thick. Finely I was again surprised by how tenderly and effectively these wipes clean. I think we can all relate to how difficult it can be to clean a red irritated little bottom. Not only did WaterWipes effectively clean but I also didn't have a child squirming from the wipes burning or irritating the compromised skin. I have found my household using Waterwipes for everyday general cleanups. Whether its a dirty nose or sticky fingers in the car, Waterwipes is our new "go to". The only negative thing I can say for Waterwipes isn't truly negative. Because they are natural without preservatives, they are recommended to be used within 3 months of opening...with all of the uses for these wipes they won't last that long. The unopened packaged will keep for up to 2 years so stocking up is no problem. For anyone looking for a safe, effective, multi-use, top of the line wipe, your search is over!
We have two young girls, only one currently left in diapers and we have been using the same brand of wipes since our oldest was born. While we loved the way cleaned up diaper messes, I didn't like using them on wiping messy hands or faces even though they were a 'green' brand because they would leave a foam behind which I didn't want near their mouths. I tried WaterWipes after learning they were 100% chemical free and all natural. They clean messy hands and faces with nothing added left behind. No more need to wet rough paper towels to wipe faces while the kids are darting away from the table or the classic spit and swipe on the cheeks when getting out of the car. I now always have one in the car, in the kitchen, and where we change diapers. On top of that, they are great for wiping off make up too. The wipes are also not inter-folded, which is nice since 10 don't come flying out when I'm trying to only grab one in a pinch. The company designed the packing that way to maintain a sterile environment within the package, but the fact I don't have to smoosh a wad of wipes that came flying out back in after is genius enough for me. We have been using this product for 3 months now and I plan to keep using it even after we potty train. Great product! I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own.
We have two young girls, only one currently left in diapers and we have been using the same brand of wipes since our oldest was born. While we loved the way cleaned up diaper messes, I didn't like using them on wiping messy hands or faces even though they were a 'green' brand because they would leave a foam behind which I didn't want near their mouths. I tried WaterWipes after learning they were 100% chemical free and all natural. They clean messy hands and faces with nothing added left behind. No more need to wet rough paper towels to wipe faces while the kids are darting away from the table or the classic spit and swipe on the cheeks when getting out of the car. I now always have one in the car, in the kitchen, and where we change diapers. On top of that, they are great for wiping off make up too. The wipes are also not inter-folded, which is nice since 10 don't come flying out when I'm trying to only grab one in a pinch. The company designed the packing that way to maintain a sterile environment within the package, but the fact I don't have to smoosh a wad of wipes that came flying out back in after is genius enough for me. We have been using this product for 3 months now and I plan to keep using it even after we potty train. Great product! I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own.
How do I choose my favorite thing about Waterwipes? I absolutely fell in love with this product because of the many benefits that I look for in a wipe were present in this one product. It was cloth-like, meaning that it was not flimsy but rather thick and durable. It was also quite stretchy. Another great benefit was that it didn't tear easily when using. I loved the pleasant scent, not so overpowering but just a light, clean scent. I was greatly impressed with the ingredient list. Wow, made with just two ingredients. Not just two ingredients but two ingredients that I can actually recognize and pronounce. Just pure Irish water and grapefruit seed extract. When using them I liked that they are chemical free and 100 percent natural, they still clean very well and don't leave bits behind. They clean just as effectively as the brand that I've used in the past. My little one liked them as well. Since they are gentle to use on her skin I've used them to frequently clean her face, not just for diapering. Normally she dodges my attempts at clean her face, she doesn't like that most wipes leave her face really wet. The Waterwipes on the other hand are not so drenched in water and chemicals. I must admit that I was skeptical about the Waterwipes brand since I knew it was a European brand, not American made. But after using them I've come to the conclusion that they are truly a top quality brand. A great product that makes my life as a mom a little more stress-free, knowing that I am using a wipe that is gentle, safe, chemical free and very effective on my baby's skin. Thank you Waterwipes for making this mom's job a litte more easier. I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my very own.
How do I choose my favorite thing about Waterwipes? I absolutely fell in love with this product because of the many benefits that I look for in a wipe were present in this one product. It was cloth-like, meaning that it was not flimsy but rather thick and durable. It was also quite stretchy. Another great benefit was that it didn't tear easily when using. I loved the pleasant scent, not so overpowering but just a light, clean scent. I was greatly impressed with the ingredient list. Wow, made with just two ingredients. Not just two ingredients but two ingredients that I can actually recognize and pronounce. Just pure Irish water and grapefruit seed extract. When using them I liked that they are chemical free and 100 percent natural, they still clean very well and don't leave bits behind. They clean just as effectively as the brand that I've used in the past. My little one liked them as well. Since they are gentle to use on her skin I've used them to frequently clean her face, not just for diapering. Normally she dodges my attempts at clean her face, she doesn't like that most wipes leave her face really wet. The Waterwipes on the other hand are not so drenched in water and chemicals. I must admit that I was skeptical about the Waterwipes brand since I knew it was a European brand, not American made. But after using them I've come to the conclusion that they are truly a top quality brand. A great product that makes my life as a mom a little more stress-free, knowing that I am using a wipe that is gentle, safe, chemical free and very effective on my baby's skin. Thank you Waterwipes for making this mom's job a litte more easier. I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my very own.
I'm usually hesitant to use baby wipes on my kids' faces or to wipe down the kitchen table. Because these wipes are chemical free, I feel completely comfortable doing both. Thanks to the thickness of WaterWipes, they also don't fall apart when wiping either.
we use wipes for everything. wiping diaper areas and cleaning faces, scrubbing at eye bogeys. since we use them on the babies' faces, i wanted to get the purest possible, so these fit the bill. the work fine and are sturdy though not very soft or plush. my biggest problems are that they stick together, so you end up pulling 3-4 at a time and the "lid" to the package is a piece of resealable tape which doesn't stay shut and is annoying. switched to huggies naturals which have a great container (comes with the case).
I was able to try out the new WaterWipes for babies. WaterWipes is a premier European brand and is a chemical free baby wipe that contains only two ingredients, 99.9% pure Irish water and 0.1% grapefruit seed extract. Since they are a natural product and do not contain preservatives they are a safer often for babies. I really like them and I think they work great. They feel nice on my skin and on my baby's skin. They clean well too. They are quite durable and they are very effective in getting my baby's skin clean. I feel comfortable and happy using these knowing that they don't contain any harmful ingredients for my baby. I am very happy with them since they are soft and gentle and they work great! I would recommend these to all parents using wet wipes. The are pure wet wipes which makes them great for babies.We have enough things to worry about are babies and wet wipes shouldn't be one of them. Try the WaterWipes! I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own.
I was able to try out the new WaterWipes for babies. WaterWipes is a premier European brand and is a chemical free baby wipe that contains only two ingredients, 99.9% pure Irish water and 0.1% grapefruit seed extract. Since they are a natural product and do not contain preservatives they are a safer often for babies. I really like them and I think they work great. They feel nice on my skin and on my baby's skin. They clean well too. They are quite durable and they are very effective in getting my baby's skin clean. I feel comfortable and happy using these knowing that they don't contain any harmful ingredients for my baby. I am very happy with them since they are soft and gentle and they work great! I would recommend these to all parents using wet wipes. The are pure wet wipes which makes them great for babies.We have enough things to worry about are babies and wet wipes shouldn't be one of them. Try the WaterWipes! I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own.
Having a 3 year old who is in the final stages of potty training and a 9 month old my life is full of wipes! I use them for a myriad of reasons and love that these wipes are chemical free containing only water and grapefruit seed extract . I am especially excited that they are scent free as nothing is worse than smelly wipes mixed with whatever it is you are wiping up! I also enioy that the wipes are gentle enough to use on my boys faces, hands and other delicate skin because they are chemical free and I sometimes even use them myself if I need to quickly wipe up my hands. I also enjoy that there was very little packaging because I hate all of the waste that comes with children’s products and LOVE that the wipes will keep for up to two years if they are unopened- that means that I can keep a package of them in my car, in my nursery and in my bathrooms throughout the house just in case I need them! I also enjoy that the wipes are not interfolded- that means that you’ll never grab out too many at a time and waste them OR have the dreaded experience of tangling with a mess of wipes in the heat of wrestling with your baby while changing a gross diaper!!!! I would highly recommend these to anyone looking to be environmentally friendly and chemical free! I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own.
aving a 3 year old who is in the final stages of potty training and a 9 month old my life is full of wipes! I use them for a myriad of reasons and love that these wipes are chemical free containing only water and grapefruit seed extract . I am especially excited that they are scent free as nothing is worse than smelly wipes mixed with whatever it is you are wiping up! I also enioy that the wipes are gentle enough to use on my boys faces, hands and other delicate skin because they are chemical free and I sometimes even use them myself if I need to quickly wipe up my hands. I also enjoy that there was very little packaging because I hate all of the waste that comes with children’s products and LOVE that the wipes will keep for up to two years if they are unopened- that means that I can keep a package of them in my car, in my nursery and in my bathrooms throughout the house just in case I need them! I also enjoy that the wipes are not interfolded- that means that you’ll never grab out too many at a time and waste them OR have the dreaded experience of tangling with a mess of wipes in the heat of wrestling with your baby while changing a gross diaper!!!! I would highly recommend these to anyone looking to be environmentally friendly and chemical free! I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own.
They are good wipes, very moist. I liked them the only thing I hope they could work on is the packaging.... It hard to get them off the bag.
I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own: Because I am admittedly too lazy to take the extra step of making my own wipes, it was important for me to use the most eco-friendly, non-toxic brand possible. I have always used Earth’s Best wipes but noticed recently that those wipes contain phenoxyethanol, a questionable preservative that receives a “4” from Environmental Working Group. I also occasionally used Seventh Generation brand wipes but never liked the smell or quality of them – they just didn’t feel wet enough. I read about Water Wipes and I was super excited to try them. They contain only two ingredients, 99.9% water and 0.1% grapefruit seed extract, which has antiviral and antibacterial properties. I’ve been very happy with the feel, scent, and absorbency of the wipes and have made them my new go-to wipes for all baby and toddler purposes!
I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own: Because I am admittedly too lazy to take the extra step of making my own wipes, it was important for me to use the most eco-friendly, non-toxic brand possible. I have always used Earth’s Best wipes but noticed recently that those wipes contain phenoxyethanol, a questionable preservative that receives a “4” from Environmental Working Group. I also occasionally used Seventh Generation brand wipes but never liked the smell or quality of them – they just didn’t feel wet enough. I read about Water Wipes and I was super excited to try them. They contain only two ingredients, 99.9% water and 0.1% grapefruit seed extract, which has antiviral and antibacterial properties. I’ve been very happy with the feel, scent, and absorbency of the wipes and have made them my new go-to wipes for all baby and toddler purposes!
These are excellent baby wipes! I wondered why a wipe with only water didn't exist then I happen you get a sample of Water Wipes in the mail so I could try them and post my opinion & I LOVE these! When I was in the hospital for the birth of my baby they used plain dry wipes that you wet with water. If that's what they use in hospitals then why do we see Huggies and Pampers wipes on the store shelfs & buy those?? With Water Wipes we know what we're using and putting on our baby's sensitive skin. The wipes are extreamly moist, actually they are more moist than other brands I've used. The package actually has a little weight to it when you pick it up but they are not overly wet to where they drip when you pick them up or anything. Another thing I'd like to point out is that each wipe is very strong, a nice size & thick as to prevent them tearing and getting baby poop on your hands. So that's always a huge plus!
These are excellent baby wipes! I wondered why a wipe with only water didn't exist then I happen you get a sample of Water Wipes in the mail so I could try them and post my opinion & I LOVE these! When I was in the hospital for the birth of my baby they used plain dry wipes that you wet with water. If that's what they use in hospitals then why do we see Huggies and Pampers wipes on the store shelfs & buy those?? With Water Wipes we know what we're using and putting on our baby's sensitive skin. The wipes are extreamly moist, actually they are more moist than other brands I've used. The package actually has a little weight to it when you pick it up but they are not overly wet to where they drip when you pick them up or anything. Another thing I'd like to point out is that each wipe is very strong, a nice size & thick as to prevent them tearing and getting baby poop on your hands. So that's always a huge plus!
"I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own.” I am so excited to have found a wet wipe that not only thoroughly cleans my little one when diapering but is a product I can feel good about. I LOVE that the wipes are chemical free and contain only water and grapefruit seed extract. Although the package is not travel sized it is perfect for your at home diaper changing station and feels good to know it is a product that is so safe for your baby I literally have used these wipes to wipe my baby’s face off. No worries means we as moms can feel safe and rest assured that we are changing our little one’s diaper gently and effectively. I also like that it did not cause my little one to get a rash unlike some other brands of wipes I have tried in the past. And best of all- no fear of glass in the wipes! We have a new diapering essential.
"I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own.” I am so excited to have found a wet wipe that not only thoroughly cleans my little one when diapering but is a product I can feel good about. I LOVE that the wipes are chemical free and contain only water and grapefruit seed extract. Although the package is not travel sized it is perfect for your at home diaper changing station and feels good to know it is a product that is so safe for your baby I literally have used these wipes to wipe my baby’s face off. No worries means we as moms can feel safe and rest assured that we are changing our little one’s diaper gently and effectively. I also like that it did not cause my little one to get a rash unlike some other brands of wipes I have tried in the past. And best of all- no fear of glass in the wipes! We have a new diapering essential.
My son has eczema, so he is very susceptible to diaper rash. These WaterWipes are the first brand of wipes (including other sensitive skin varieties) that have been soothing enough to clean him without irritating him or slathering him with butt cream. We try to stay organic here in our home, so having only two ingredients (water and grapefruit seed oil) really appealed to us. With the WaterWipes, I have been able to change his diaper at night, even when he has a rash, without disturbing his sleep. My kids have commented on how soft the wipes are and how they smell great. WaterWipes are a little more expensive than the store brand, but the extra comfort that my son experienced, and honestly the fewer wipes that I had to use to clean him make them a value. The store brand is great for wiping hands after painting or what not, but for taking care of my son's skin I'm going to stick with WaterWipes. "I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own."
My son has eczema, so he is very susceptible to diaper rash. These WaterWipes are the first brand of wipes (including other sensitive skin varieties) that have been soothing enough to clean him without irritating him or slathering him with butt cream. We try to stay organic here in our home, so having only two ingredients (water and grapefruit seed oil) really appealed to us. With the WaterWipes, I have been able to change his diaper at night, even when he has a rash, without disturbing his sleep. My kids have commented on how soft the wipes are and how they smell great. WaterWipes are a little more expensive than the store brand, but the extra comfort that my son experienced, and honestly the fewer wipes that I had to use to clean him make them a value. The store brand is great for wiping hands after painting or what not, but for taking care of my son's skin I'm going to stick with WaterWipes. "I received this product to facilitate my review, all opinions are my own."
We really wanted something with no chemicals for a good price. They are sometimes difficult to pull out but nothing to complain about.
A few simple ingredients. Good for the baby good for the environment
I have been using this product since my lo was born. My hands are highly allergic to preservatives. I started using this product because it is chemical free. Highly recommend because of this and also because it is good for my daughter.
naps rash and redness are no longer a thing in our house. Very gentle on our babies skin. Chemical free natural wipes. We can't live without them
I use wipes for toilet hygiene and began having irritationabd swelling from using them. Once I read the ingredient list, I wasn't surprised that all the chemicals caused problems and these were the so called "sensitive-skin" wipes. I shudder to think people use these chemically-laden wipes on their babies' skin. My daughter told me about water wipes. I purchased them and have had no issue with my skin. They clean well, are soft and resilient. Best of all, NO CHEMICALS.
My daughter has 3 children and loves these wipes! I bought them for her newborn. She likes them as they don't have perfume and are nice if baby's bottom is a bit sore. Easy on baby's tender skin.
There weren't many items I went crazy researching in preps for baby but wipes were on my list. My husband has very sensative and I wanted to try to use only simple products on my little one. I found these and really enjoy them. They aren't folded into each other so pulling them apart can get annoying sometimes but they are great. They are a little more expensive then pampers/huggies etc but I think they are worth it.
GREAT PROUDUCT! MY BABY IS CLEAN AND UNSCENTED WITHOUT HARSH CHEMICALS! THANK YOU WATERWIPES FOR MAKING SUCH A WONDERFUL WIPE THAT MOMS AND DADS EVERYWHERE LOVE!
My son developed a yeast rash after his vaccines (due to fever not the shots). These wipes worked really well to heal it faster since they're 99% water. These are too expensive for me to utilize every day (wish I could though) but if he develops another rash I'll buy these again.
I LOVE these Water Wipes. Tried the "sensitive and natural" versions of other brands...but these truly have no chemicals! Only down side is that they have a tendency to pull out multiple wipes at a time. So when I put them in my wipe holder I either get a clump of them and have to stuff some back in, or I get nothing. All and all...a small inconvenience for knowing they are so pure.
These wipes are wonderful! Thick & soft. So pure & gentle. I will never use another wipe now!
After figuring out that my daughter's diaper rash wash from the Target brand wipes, we tried these. They are FANTASTIC! The cloth is larger and thicker than any other wipe we've tried, so we don't need as many to get a thorough clean. 2-3 is our average wipe use when cleaning after a poppy diaper (breastfed). As noted on the plastic, it helps to store the pack upside gown so the water doesn't pool at the bottom of the pack. This way, all wipes are evenly wet from start to finish with each pack.
At about 8 months, my daughter started to have persistent diaper rash. We were using Huggies fragrance free wipes and I noticed that the rash got worse every time we used the wipes. We switched to WaterWipes and have barely had any diaper rash since. Highly recommended!
Great wipes!! Wish they were cheaper priced but not a big deal
I did my research when trying to find the best wipes for our newborn son. I tried the majority of the organic wipes and huggies natural wipes. With all the other wipes I have tried he would have a reoccurring rash when I switched over to WaterWipes he has none so far! Some people might say it maybe because you didn't clean him right or didn't change him right away. I wash him after every poop and ensure he is dry before putting a diaper on again. And change him as soon as he has a dirty diaper. With that said I would only use WaterWipes on my baby and HIGHLY recommend it!! My only complain is their packaging needs to be changed.
I use these wipes as much as possible. Mainly to wash my babies face after eating solids with no guilt or thought of, what am I putting on her face?, that I would think with the other wipes.
The packaging caught my eye, then what was in it. I have 3 kids and it was not until my 2nd child I understood the importance of organic and all natural products. My 1 year old has suffered extreme eczema since she was 3 months old and I think about her condition as a whole not just where it is located. As she has gotten older, it spreads. Anyway, the hospital here does not use wipes, they use clothes that you get wet for babies. That's what I thought these were! I was using Babyganics and loved them but Waterwipes had me based on ingredients. The wipes feel the same as in texture.. they both are not pop up friendly but I get a few out when I am changing a stinky diaper! It isn't a big deal. Comparing the two, Babyganics feels more "soapy". Bottom line, smell great, work great and using them on her face is a bonus!!! Con for most.. the price
don't dry out quick. gives me peace of mind knowing im not wiping my baby with a bunch of chemicals. very satisfied with these wipes!
I normally never write reviews. We have had issues with diaper rashes for our son for over a month now at least. We have tried every wipe there is out there and they all irritated his sensitive bum. We tried doing just water and wash clothes, but as you can imagine in the middle of the night that's a little challenging while half asleep. I purchased these just to see if it would work. Well, after using them for the long holiday weekend, his diaper rash and his skin redness are gone!! I will continue to buy these no matter how expensive, the convenience and the lack of diaper rash and skin issues is worth it
WaterWipes are the most chemical-free wipes that I could find. I highly recommend them to new mothers and fathers who are struggling to find a more natural wipe, and for those that don't have the time to make their own.
Towels were soft and moist. Baby's skin didn't react to it compared to other name brand wipes, so I'll be buying more.
Although I really like these wipes I find two big problems that make me not really want to buy this product. #1 they are not pop up friendly and one wipe does not follow the other which is a big deal when you are changing a moving baby who has poop, not fun at all. #2 the wipes dispenser cover is no good at all, after the first use it does not stick closed or just falls off and you lose it. I love the wipes themselves and their ingredients, cleaning but they have it all wrong with the packaging which is major to busy moms. I hope they fix this soon but for now I prefer to buy Honest wipes because they are so much easier to deal with on the go even if they do cost more.
Although I really like these wipes I find to big problems that make me ow really want to buy this product. #1 they are not pop up friendly and one wipe does not follow the other which is a big deal when you are changing a moving baby who has poop, not fun at all. #2 the wipes dispenser cover is no good at all, after the first use it does not stick closed or just falls off and you lose it. I love the wipes themselves and their ingredients, cleaning but they have it all wrong with the packaging which is major to busy moms. I hope they fix this soon but for now I prefer to buy Honest wipes because they are so much easier to deal with on the go even if they do cost more.
These wipes are great. I feel good knowing they're not full of harmful chemicals. I used other name brand wipes and they made my daughters skin all red and inflamed, we've never had a problem with these. The only thing I don't like is they're a difficult to get it of the package.
Our little girl's diaper rash was worsening using Seventh Generation and these wipes helped us to turn it around. Seventh Generation wipes were wonderful with our first daughter but our baby's skin is more sensitive.
For my first baby we used water and viva towels and it worked great, no diaper rash. We did have to cut up paper towels though ;) With my second it just saves so much time to have these, love them, again no diaper rash.
Absolutely love these wipes! I'm so glad that Target sells them. They are great for my little one and even me. It's almost time for potty trading and these wipes are so soft and gentle for my little one's sensitive skin. Highly recommend!!
No more diaper rash!! The best wipes ever!
I love these wipes. The fact that they're all natural and gentle is definitely a plus. They also stay very moist which is good! Wish they weren't so expensive, but for babies with sensitive skin it's worth it!
We would these water wipes. My son does not get any diaper rash. The wipes are enough wet better than other wipes. I just place a second order online!
I'm very happy with the product
We used other "sensitive" wipes in the past but my daughter's diaper area continued to be reddish and sensitive. I kept on thinking that there's got to be a wipe that's just simply water, and then I heard about these! When I started using WaterWipes her skin cleared up and looks much healthier. I would highly recommend these.
these are great for newborns as you can't use regular wipes just yet.. Wetting towels can be a pain and these make it easier and readily available.
Theses wipes are great, you cant get more pure then this, I believe in using clean and pure items, because you have no idea what your baby will be allergic to, My sister just had her baby, and she started using pamper wipes with her cloth diapers and her little girl had a massive reaction and once i gave her a pack of these it cleared up in only a few days. They are a little more pricey but all worth it for the comfort of your baby.
We love these wipes have been using them since birth on our daughters sensitive skin. They are so moist. The only down side is the package depending whole is pretty small and my husband with large fingers says he hates the hole. to fix this issue though i just bought the huggies clutch bag and the huggies wipe dispenser and cut a bigger hole in the bag so that they still stay in their bag while dispensing them. Overall great product you can not go wrong with these!
These truly are all natural wipes, you can easily tell by the scent...because there isn't any! We would use these wipes over others if they were cheaper because they have no harsh chemicals, do not leave any redness or rashes, and are soft on our baby's bottom. Unfortunately, my one complaint is the fact that we do have to use an extra wipe or two to clean up those dried bits (breastfed baby), but it's no big deal.
Been using these on my now 7 month old since day 1. Never had any issues with rash, wipes stay moist in carry container and have no annoying odor, can use them for everything baby needs from face to hands to tush.
We really love these wipes for our newborn...first of all they have othing "extra" in them to cause reactions to her skin! And, they aren't as WET as other wipes...other wipes get so wet and cold that they bother her but these are the perfect blend! Highly recommend and won't use antyhing else!
Wipes are strong, and wet well. I love having a product without lots of chemicals to use for my baby.
Best wipes out there! Least amount of chemicals that you can get in disposable wipes. We use cloth wipes at home with water and baby shampoo, and use these on the go. NO smell at all! I hated Pamper's Sensitive for the smell!
I love the product because it has helped my son with his diaper rash. He has less of them and when he does, this does not further irritate his sensitive skin. I have been using them since he was 2 mos. old.
Wonderful product. I was having a reaction on my hands from the chemicals in the wipes. These are fabulous. I have zero problems with them and we won't use anything else!!!
These are awesome wipes for the times when diaper rash flares up. Regular wipes burn and sting but these are just water with the convenience of disposable wipes. Also, a friend had preemie twins and was told to only use water. She didn't know about these and was so glad to find out she could still use wipes
My daughter suffered from numerous UTI's before we tried these wipes. We finally figured out the problem lied in the wipes. Water wipes are the only wipes we can use and will use. She hasn't had a UTI in months since switching and she doesn't cringe when we wipe her bottom any more. I highly recommend these.
After reading the ingredients on other baby wipes, I decided I didn't want all that crud on my babies delicate skin. Even some organic brands had more ingredients than necessary. These water wipes are awesome. They are so gentle and haven't caused any irritation. I even feel comfortable using these on my babies face. The material they are made out of is very soft and gentle. We have subscribed to these wipes.
I am satisfied with this product, my daughterhasn't experienced any kind of rash. these wipes are pure and natural.
So far they are great for my granddaughter..she has colitis and developed horrible diaper rash and the regular wipes seemed to worsen the rash..these do not seem to bother her at all
I stumbled upon these wipes in-store and liked what I read on the package, so decided to give them a try. Overall I am very pleased. The wipes stay moist, do not tear easily, and I really believe they are likely the safest wet wipe on the market. I really like that they can be bought in bulk too. Very pleased!
How could you not LOVE these?!? These have lasted me a very long time. It was very nice to be able to get these in cases, it doesn't seem like we are constantly buying them like it does with the diapers & other size-specific baby must-haves. Fragrance & chemical free, with the only additive being some fruit juice, so very gentle for baby but they are still more than sturdy enough to get the job done. I can't say enough about how much I love that they are fragrance free, makes me feel good to know exactly what is touching my baby's bottom so many times each and every day, and I think they are a great value too, since rarely do I ever have to use more than one wipe, even on the BIG #2s :)
Very Soft-no silly patterns on the wipes. Nothing synthetic. BOOM
Only 2 ingredients?! Love it.
These wipes are awesome! Suitable for even the most sensitive rash prone skin. These are great and you can take them with you anywhere and you don't have to worry about these possibly giving your newborn a nasty diaper rash unlike all those other wipes including those that claim to be made for "sensitive" skin. Truly the only wipes that don't irritate my little one's bottom! Love them! Only thing is they are a little pricier than most baby wipes buy truly there are no competitors against these wipes because none of the other brands can compete against them.
Love these wipes! I try to only use natural products with my 5 month old and these were the most natural wipes I could find. He's never had a diaper rash and I think these wipes are why. They are expensive but worth it.
Love these wipes. Why can't all wipes have ingredients that you actually know what it is. I don't feel bad even using them on my daughter's face or hands. The only thing I prefer is if the sheets came out one after the other instead of having to dig back in the package sometimes.
In the first 3 weeks of our newborn's life, we noticed skin was increasingly getting redder and appeared broken in patches when using the other brand of wipes. Relieved when we switched to these wipes, our newborn's irritated skin began to heal. After using the waterwipes for 2 weeks, she has completely recovered from her diaper rash.
best wipes on the market, the next best thing to a cloth with water. no harsh chemicals left behind on your babys bottom!!! Love this stuff
So natural and it was the only wipe to help clear up my babies little red butt! Love how it only has two ingredients!
Great wipes. Fragrance-free; Non-irritating; Low price. My only complaint is that as you get towards the bottom of the package, they get harder and harder to pull out one-at-a-time.
I bought this a month ago and I'm glad because at that time it was $3.19! Now it is suddenly $4.49??? BOOOOOOO. As for the product, I love the purity of it. No chemicals, nothing unnecessary, just waterwipes. Some people complained that the wipes dried out or wasn't wet enough, just make sure to seal the top properly.
I put these wipes in the OXO travel wipe dispenser and hook it onto the highchair, so that they are convenient for cleaning my baby's face and hands before and after eating. I just couldn't stand the thought of using the wipes with all of those extras on his face and hands, which would eventually end up in his mouth!
Love these wipes for my baby, gentle on her skin.
Have used these wipes and only these wipes for both my children. I love that they are mainly just water with none of the chemicals the other wipes have in them.
I absolutely love these wipes, been using them on my 16 week old daughter since birth and she's never had any rash or irritation. [...]
I have tried several types of disposable wipes and decided to use these because they don't have any harsh chemicals. (We only use them for poopy diaper changes because they're more convenient than using cloth wipes along with a homemade wipe solution, which is what we use the rest of the time.) My 14-month-old NEVER gets diaper rash or needs rash cream, but of course being in cloth diapers helps that too. I have never noticed that these lack moisture, as other reviewers have mentioned. The only problem is that they don't come out of the package easily, so I always pull two out before I start to change my daughter so that I don't have to fumble around with the package in the middle of a diaper change.
Have always used these wipes since my toddler was a baby and would use no other.
These are the only wet wipes that are made with water. They are 99.9% water. No additives. I will never use anything else. Thank you I recommend them highly for newborns, and anyonw with dermatology allergies.
These wipes were okay but not great. Seemed to dry out to easily and quickly. Loved that there was no funky scent and harsh chemicals but not impressive with their ability to clean up a dirty bottom.
I have an 18 month old daughter who started having issues with diaper rashes at about 11 months old. We have tried everything. We changed diapers & wipes several times without any relief for our poor baby. I happen to stubble onto these wipes while browsing online. I figured I'd give them a shot. LOVE them!!!! She hasn't had a rash in 3 weeks! I was even able to stop using diaper rash ointment completely. I just wish I had found this product sooner.
My daughter skin is sensitive so wipes have never worked for us. We have to use water and viva paper towels for each changing. While out and about it is a bit of a hassle to pull out the spray bottle of water and soaked to towel to clean her but this is the only way she does not break out. We were eager to try these wipes being 99 percent water based and are fairly pleased with them. The pros are how natural they are and no rash using these! The con is not enough moisture. They need to have some more wetness to them. We use them know when we are out. But not full time cause of the lack of moisture.
