Ive been ordering these wipes for the past two years and was concerned when i just read the "these are knockoff" reviews, so i wrote the company to tell them about it and to ask why some say they have the extra ingredient and no extra seals besides the eczema approved one .. this was their reply

“Thanks for contacting us. The endorsements on the newly designed multipacks are on the box instead of the packet. The endorsements for the single packs are still found on the packet as no one will see the box as they are sold separately. I understand how confusing that can be especially since we added the disclosure around the trace residual component found in the fruit extract. But all the endorsements remain.

We have adjusted the ingredient list on WaterWipes' packaging to include Benzalkonium chloride (BAK). WaterWipes has not changed in any way.

We're adding this information to our packaging as trace amounts of BAK are a by-product of the fruit extraction process. Trace amounts of BAK are a common ingredient in personal care and cosmetics products. The level that exists in WaterWipes is extremely small and has no impact on the safety of the product. Our wipes contain 0.1% fruit extract which in turn contains trace amounts of Benzalkonium Chloride so the overall content in the finished pack is negligible.

The quality of our wipes not changed. Neither has the formulation or ingredients. We pride ourselves on making wipes that are safe to use on a new-born baby's skin. WaterWipes still contain 99.9% water and a drop of fruit extract and continue to be made in our unique cleanroom environment to ensure we remain the world's purest baby wipe. We are still approved by Allergy UK, National Eczema Association (USA) and
Eczema Association of Australasia.

We added the information as we believe in this this day and age that companies owe it to their customers to declare information beyond what they are legally obliged to.

I hope this answers your question?

If you have any follow up don't hesitate to ask me.

Kind regards,

Luke Byrne
Customer Care Specialist”If I wrote this review when I first tried Water Wipes, it would have been a five star review. In 2019 however, it's now a 1 star product and I no longer purchase these wipes.

The idea of Water Wipes is a great one, simple ingredients. Spend a few minutes reading the back of a baby wipes package, most of the time you can't pronounce half the ingredients on the list. Water Wipes appealed to our household with 2 IBS sufferers and no children.

Water, Grapefruit Seed Extract, and Benzalkonium Chloride are the current ingredients in Water Wipes. When I used to purchase them the only ingredients were Water and Grapefruit Seed Extract.

Originally the wipes were large, thick, and held up under pressure. We used Water Wipes in the bathroom, to clean up spills in the car, to get spots out of clothing on the go...for just about everything. We started using the wipes in March 2015 and were loyal users until 2017.

When the last case arrived the wipes package was smaller. The cost was the same, which has always been a premium price for Water Wipes compared to other brands. We were hoping that the wipes would be the same, durable wipes we were used to, only smaller. This was not the case, the new wipes were thinner, not as durable, and smaller.

3 of the 12 packs had mold upon opening them despite the lack of holes or other damage to the packaging. We didn't store them any different than we usually do. The most disturbing part of the new wipes (not the ones with mold), was that I experienced irritation from using Water Wipes for the first time ever. Not a full blown reaction, but it was enough to discontinue using Water Wipes.

The manufacturer refunded the purchase price for the final case of wipes when I complained. They said parents wanted "less bulky wipe packages". I think parents wanted smaller sized packs for travel, pack sizes of 15-20 wipes in a pack, rather than actually wanting wipes that were smaller in size (does any parent really want smaller sized wipes?)

We tried desperately to find a replacement going through the following brands; Seventh Generation, Caboo, Baby Ganics, Jackson Reece, and Happy Little Camper. They all had too many ingredients or caused irritation.

We decided to make our own. Natural paper towels, cut in half. One roll filled a BPA free shoe box sized plastic container. Add 2 tablespoons of organic grape seed extract. Push down on the stack to flatten them and squish out the excess grape seed extract (instead of grapefruit seed extract which appears in Water Wipes). Add 4 tablespoons warm water and squish the stack down again, flip it over, squish it again. Put the lid on and they were ready to use. They stayed good for up to a week without mold.

Thanks Water Wipes for changing your product. We now make our own wipes for $7 for a case instead of $40 like you charge.CONTAINS CHEMICALS!
Don't get super... these are not the same wipes, they are fakes all around! These wipes contain chloride and are not chemical free, they are missing all the seals and the ingredients list isn't the same. Please review my pictures before you get scammed too! (Doesn't even deserve a 1 star rating but I had to put something to submit this.)I wish I read the reviews instead of just seeing the amount of stars rated and I also wish I had done my research before purchasing. These contain .002% Benzalkolium chloride which is clearly why these “water wipes” are not labeled chemical free. The reason I buy these are to avoids chemicals and I pay a little extra to have just the 2 ingredients of real water wipes. I’m really disappointed and I purchased the bulk pack of 720 wipes because I love water wipes! I will now no longer purchase in bulk these “water wipes” on amazon. It worries me that these are being sold and people who do have serious skin conditions are using these and could have a reaction to the small amount of chloride. I’m glad my kid did not have an allergic reaction but I have listed the differences in the real wipes I purchased from target and the ones I ordered here. The top are the ones purchased from target and the ones below it are from the box I purchased through amazon.These wipes are amazing for ultra-sensitive baby (or adult) skin - since they only have 2 ingredients and no odor/perfumes. However, my HUGE gripes with these, is that I’m amazed that whoever designed these did not think to: #1 - make the wipe textured. It’s smooth surface feels nice, but doesn’t get the job done during a poopy diaper changing as well as other wipes that are textured. #2 - THEY AREN’T NESTED like other wipes are! Meaning, when you grab one, the next one doesn’t pop up ready-to-grab. Instead, you have to stick your fingers into the package and fish around for the edge of the next one to pull it out. And most of the time, they kind of stick together and like 4 wipes come out at once. I’m not going to lie...in the middle of changing a poopy diaper on my son, I’ve one-handed tried to pull a second wipe out and ended up getting so frustrated with the damn thing that I just ripped one out and threw the package on the floor. You need to be able to have one hand on your baby and one hand free to grab wipes, diaper cream, etc. and these do not allow you to grab them one-handed. The convenience is AWFUL. Attention Water Wipes production and design team - the product itself is awesome, just “nest” them in the package, and maybe add some light texture!!! If you did, I’d buy in bulk and give them a 10 star rating!!!Our kiddo recently had a pretty nasty Diaper Rash that kept coming back. After consulting the pediatrician, who had originally recommended warm water and wash cloths (which is fine, but difficult to do because we're both working parents and would prefer not to have poopy rags sitting around all day) she recommended dry or water based rags. So, I looked into Water Wipes as it seems to be the only "Pure" labeled type wipe that has less than 5 ingredients. In this case, there are 2: Water and .01% of a fruit extract. Problem is, these wipes cost about 3 times the price of the "Pampers" Sensitive that we were using and about the same over many of the other brands, likely because these are imported from Ireland. I guess only they have water there. The American competitors all had significantly more ingredients that you can't pronounce in their products. I wonder why. You'd think Water + Rag would be something an American Scientist could think of but I guess we leave it to the Irish. THAT BEING SAID. These are unscented, on the wet side, and pretty decent to use. Kiddo's butt is happy. Because they are a little on the wet side, some might find cleaning number 2's to be a little more difficult than your traditional wipe but it's worth it. Hope i dont have to use these regularly because I'm not made of money. Certainly Bougie but Certainly worth it if your kid needs relief.Not Original water wipes. Super rough and not even the same size/texture of the water wipes that I had sampled (view picture sample is the smaller package on the left with the baby picture). Truly disappointed. Will not be using amazon to buy these wipes again.

Second picture is the label stating they are different wipes. Keep in mind you don’t know that until you receive your package 🤦🏻‍♀️ SCAM!I've raved about these wipes to everyone! They were thick, moist, sturdy.
My recent shipment was smaller, thinner wipes and the packaging tears really easily causing the wipes to dry out.
Hope they revert to the original wipes.

The company said they'd changed packaging due to complaints about it being bulky . . .I've never heard anyone complain about them being bulky.If you are looking for a all natural/nochemicals product don't buy this! Is not a lot but still have trace of chloride ! Beware. I wanted to like this product but I was looking for a all natural 0 chemicals.I tried this product based on the recommendation listed with others on the National Eczema Association site. Since, using this product it has caused some horrible diaper rash and has been getting so much worse with continued use. I have been applying diaper rash cream with every diaper change since my Little one was born. The diaper rash cream seems to be somewhat working now with the discontinued use of the wipes. at this point, I have decided to leave a review of the product for others . I truly don't believe that this is made with the intention to be gentle enough on sensitive skin, it is soft as they have possibly stated, it has a rough texture on the wipe similar to the pampers brand. I have tried a variety of different wipes trying to find the best one for my child and my wallet. (Previously have tried: Amazon brand, Cloud Island, Pampers *Sensitive*, Pampers Standard, Huggies *Natural* and Huggies *Standard*) So far, it seems the best one has been Cloud Island a brand sold at Target 800 wipes for $16.99 plus tax . I am going to have to go back to this brand - the only issue i had with the Cloud Island brand is that when you try to take one wipe out of the container - you simply dont just get the one - you get that endless handkerchief trick a clown or magician does in their entertaining act. it isn't convenient during a diaper change. If you are going to try these wipes please keep in mind that there is a possibility your child will get some diaper rash.THESE WIPES ARE NOT CHEMICAL FREE!!!!!!!!! They have different packaging than the Water Wipes I’ve purchased from Target and contain chloride. My poor baby has had a terrible reaction all over her legs and butt from these the past two days!!! Terrible terrible terrible!I liked the idea of less chemicals on my baby, so I invested in many boxes of these wipes. Quickly, my husband and I got very frustrated with trying to get them out of the package and that they do not unfold 90% of the time. I bought a special Ubbi weighted wipe box, but it still didn’t help as much as I’d like. Grabbing 6 wipes vs 1 isn’t environmentally friendly, nor is it desirable while you’re wrestling the hunting crocodile your child turns into during a diaper change. I don’t know about you, but two hands don’t seem to be enough while literal sh*t is flying!

As we prepared to do a 10 day Walt Disney World vacation with an 8 month old, I grabbed Pampers Agua wipes since nasty diaper changing in public bathrooms was unavoidable. This move was a game changer! I got a product with the same ingredients as water wipes that actually unfolded when pulled out of the container ONE BY ONE! (Angels sing and ambient light circle my stressed soul) I canceled my subscription on amazon for water wipes and have fully converted to Pampers Agua!🚨 Not chemical free 🚨
Contains trace of Benzalkonium Chloride

Biocide, preservative and surfactant associated with severe skin, eye, and respiratory irritation and allergies, benzalkonium chloride is a sensitizer especially dangerous for people with asthma or skin conditions such as eczema. Benzalkonium chloride is found in many household disinfectants and cleaning supplies.We have been purchasing Water Wipes from Amazon for a while now. However the last package we received had scent and the texture of it was totally different. So it raised the question if it’s a counterfeit product or not.
Would love to hear if anyone had similar issues. Otherwise it was a great product to use with your baby.Terrible! They now have a known skin irritant as an ingredient, but it is not mentioned on the amazon page, only on the new packaging. Please read questions and answers on this page to get more info and research why you wouldn't want the following in your diaper wipe "Biocide, preservative and surfactant associated with severe skin, eye, and respiratory irritation and allergies, benzalkonium chloride is a sensitizer especially dangerous for people with asthma or skin conditions such as eczema" Info taken from the fact based Environmental Working Group website.These wipes were lifesavers for us. Our 1 month old daughter got a diaper rash, and it would not go away. We used all different sort of creams and it wasn't working. My brother insisted I tried these and I am glad he did. They are amazing. They feel soft and they do not leave a residue or smell on your hands like regular wipes. You can tell they are pure wipes. They smell fresh as well. You can tell they have a drop of fruit in them as well. They are definitely a game changer!We are AVID WaterWipes customers; we have utilized these wipes for two and a half years for our daughters. We recently put in another order as we frequently have to with a 10 month old and a 2.5 year old. The wipes on the right in the photo are the ones we have always received in all of our orders, be it from Amazon, Jewel, Target, etc. The ones on the left are the ones from our most recent Amazon purchase. I know the company is changing looks of the product, but I’m extremely dissatisfied with the wipes on the left and actually called Amazon customer service to make a complaint and VOICE A CONCERN. These new wipes made my two year old cry when we wiped her. I wiped a sensitive part of my cheek to test the wipes and immediately was met with an intense, almost alcohol feeling-type burning sensation. As an avid WaterWipes customer, this is the first time in two and a half years I’ve encountered an issue, but I urge all parents to use caution and try the wipes on yourself from a new package first before applying to your babies.I love the idea but the wipes are WAY too small and slippery to do anything. I'm not even exaggerating... It took me about 10-15 wipes to clean a poop because of how ridiculously thin they were. I now have a case and only use these wipes for pee or for wiping hands. The honest ones are only a little better and i think I'll just stick to the costco ones, which can clean a poop with only 2 or 3 wipes. It cuts down on waste and frustration. I really wanted to use these because of cleaner ingredients but it's just really not worth the anger i feel when trying to use these 😬I read a lot of reviews on here and came across some that say they are fake. I read one review that the packaging is different because they are sold in different ways like a box or just on the wipes themselves. I don't have any complaints. I don't not believe that they are fakes. Because I buy mine from Walmart and when I buy the four pack package my individual packs look just like the ones on here that are listed as fake from another reviewer. And I just don't believe that Walmart sells fake wipes. By law they are not allowed to do that. I have never had a problem wiping a poopy butt. I use three wipes Max for poopy butts. A couple times I may have had a problem pulling the wipes out so This little light bulb in my head went off and I learn to pull a couple out of the package before I take the diaper off. So there's really nothing to complain about unless you just one of those type of people who likes to complain about every little single thing that doesn't go your way. If they start changing the texture of the wives and changing how they put them inside of the packages they're just going to get more expensive so I'm happy with what I buy. I like my "unnested" wipes. I'm good here. I have been buying these very expensive wipes since my babies were born and I will continue to buy them because I love them.I dont know.... Im not sure I like these. I like that they are free of weird crap ingredients, they are a great size, and I think a good value when you get them in the multi packs for sure... but... I dont know... I feel like, even though they are for sensitive skin, they are sort of scraping my baby's butt raw. There is something soothing to the other kinds of wipes that seem to run over the skin way more gently than these. In order to combat this issue, I use a coconut oil cream for babies and it helps take away the poop and pee from the skin while also remaining generally natural and gentle. I have used these wipes for myself even, as I was healing from a tear and was also just bleeding constantly. I didn't want to keep using chemically wipes, so I used some of these. They sort of just smeared everything around, were FREEZING COLD, and after using them multiple times a day, left me a little rawed out feeling. So the same thing is happening between a baby and an adult.

I did get a wipe warmer and intend to use these in there, so hopefully if they are warm, they will work a little gentler. So far, no rashes or visible irritation on his butt that I can see outright, thankfully. So I still use them for sure. Im just not sure they are worth the massive hype.I have been getting these for well over a year and love them. I actually use them on my self as they are great for getting the job done. The last couple orders have been expiring in a month though and the packaging is a different color. I have been tossing them since i am not going to to use something that is mainly water and is about to expire in a area that could end in a disaster. At $56.00 a pop I am not pleased. wondering if they are even the real ones or a knock off!We have preferred this brand for 2 children using for over a year and a half. The ingredients are simple, natural and contain no scent. While I am not opposed to scent, many brands smell in a way that smells either artificial or offensively strong.

Water Wipes just work! The cloth is strong and you can get multiple wipes and fold over without the towel disintegrating as other brands do. While I am not suggesting the following, I wanted to share as an anecdote as a testament to product durability: I heard from a friend recently whose daughter is very cost-conscious and cloth diapers her children: with 3 children she has been washing the Water Wipes in their own load in the laundry and is still using the original box of packaged wipes gifted a few years ago!

The Con: This wipe doesn't pull out of the package as easy as other brands so when you need one wipe after another it can be more effort. This is not helpful when you have especially messy situations and just want a wipe ready to go. If other companies can do it, I am not sure why Water Wipes hasn't done it - but imagine there may have had to be sacrifices to achieve such a solid product otherwise.I originally started buying these wipes a little over a year ago when I realized that my daughter has extremely delicate skin and gets rash after rash after rash.. Sometimes it even gets so irritated it starts bleeding. I tried every wipes under the sun, and got those because they say they are basically just water. Well, they are not the best of the best and they are pricey, but they work for my daughter as they are thin, soft and not full of chemicals. I believe my daughter might be allergic to the chemicals on some wipes and diapers, even the "organic" ones, but that has never been tested. All three of my daughters have skin issues with thick wipes so I much prefer the thin ones.

The reason I bought those was because the daycare I was forced to put my daughter into (I was in the military and had absolute zero choice when it came to daycare) DEMANDED wipes and refused to use cloth diapers because they considered it unsanitary (at home I use gentle cloths and water, and cloth diapers). And when babies had rashes they would use harsh, wet paper towels which made the rashes much worse, and then once the skin broke, they would send baby home and that had a major negative effect on one's military career.. So I bought those to save my daughter's skin as well as my sanity. They are really pricey to give to a daycare that doesn't care about wasting, but they were what my daughter needed, and for that, I am thankful that I found them. Also, the daycare refused to leave the wipes in their original packaging and had to open the package to place them in a wipe box, which caused them to dry faster. The packaging is fine, the opening flap doesn't stay sticky for the whole life of the package but the wipes don't dry up inside it.

One thing we noticed is that they are difficult to pull one at a time from the package, you often end up with 2 or 3 at a time.

Also, when placing those in a diaper bag, they need to be placed with the opening at the top. Otherwise, they make the other things in the bag wet.

Two of the packages I bought a year ago went through a big move from Missouri to New York state, and were in storage for months through the winter. I was afraid of using them after I got them out of storage, but they did not show any signs of mold and had no odor.Fragrance free. Thick wipes. Multiple uses including but not limited to wiping hands, hygiene, wiping up stains on clothing or carpeting. The wipes are thick so make sure you do not flush them down the toilet. Very soft to the touch. One wipe goes a long way. They don’t even shred when I am cleaning the carpet after my pet vomits. Sorry if this is TMI. Since I already overshared, I also use these wipes to bathe my pet and clean my pet’s bottom. I do not have children and yet they are a staple in my household. I even keep multiple wipes in my purse in case of spills in the car or on my clothing.I bought these for my daughter one time when she had really bad diaper rash, because I heard they are just the most amazing wipes ever. Sorry, but for me they are not worth the hype. I regularly use Amazon Elements baby wipes and would recommend them over Water Wipes. The Water Wipes are just not soft enough or durable enough. If my finger pokes through this thing while cleaning a poop then it is a definite no-go. In the end, these were not more gentle on a diaper rash bum than my Amazon wipes, and nowhere near as soft or durable.We’ve been using the subscribe & save for water wipes since April 2021. This month 3/2022 we received a new box with a new design look expecting it to be the same wipes. WRONG. The new wipes have a horrific smell of rubbing alcohol and cause irritation. I will be canceling the subscription now moving forward. Buyer beware!This last batch I received with the new branding is completely different, the wipe texture, the amount of water, everything about these is different. They are dry and stick together a lot! I’ve canceled my subscription and I’m looking for new wipes now. These are nothing like the original water wipes. I’ve been using water wipes for almost 3 years now, on different continent and it’s always been the same wipes with great moisture/water. Not these though!Was in a rush ordering extra wipes for our last minute trip and saw the $0.04/each price count and didn't notice it was only a 3 pack. $20 for a 3 pack of 60 each is NOT 4 cents!!! It's 11 cents! Normally I order the 9 count or larger. Right now the 9 count is $26! So irritated right now! But we are leaving in a few hours so no time to order more and our auto delivery will be here when we get back.We've been using these wipes since our daughter was born (5 months ago). We have really liked them as they have a very simple list of ingredients and are more natural than the alternatives.

However, the latest package of wipes that we received (last week) is totally different -- we almost thought that it was a ripoff brand. The ingredient list looks similar but they smell like chemical, aren't as "wet" as before and the wipe material isn't as quality. Overall they now feel like any other brand of wipes, which is very disappointing. We'll be searching for an alternative as these are now just an expensive version of every other chemical smelling wipe on the market.Something changed from Feb to March. Wipe on left purchases in March. Shorter, yellow tint, smell different and product material appears different. Wipe on right was ordered in Feb from same company. This is the wipe I love. March order came with new packaging. company obviously made a change and not for the better.Not the purest wipes anymore. We've been using this wipes for awhile. I chose this and used it because of it's lack of ingredient. However, I got a new box of these wipes which had new design. My husband noticed there was extra ingredient listed that was not listed before...Benzalkonium Chloride. This is considered majored skin irritant, I believe is restricted I use especially I children products! My husband always said that these wipes smelled weird. And I always dismissed him saying that there are only two ingredient. Now, I am not sure if decided to not list Benzalkonium chloride on the other packing because it's supposedly "trace amount" or because this is there new formula. Either way this is very disappointing. They should not be allowed to advertise it as purest wipes.Without a doubt, you are definitely paying a premium for these baby wipes. That is something that I figured I was happy to do for the sake of my children. What I'm not happy about is that they have quietly shrunk the size of these wipes without in anyway reducing the price accordingly. Sadly, it is time to look elsewhereThey’ve changed the wipes completely. The new packaging is just one piece. They’re NOT the same wipes. The wipes are textured instead of smooth and they are much dryer. My son has had diaper rash consistently since using these new wipes. I’m sad that I now have to search for another baby wipe as I’ve used these since my child was born. I’ve contacted the company via their website and no response. DON’T BUY!When I had my first daughter, these were the only wipes we could use on her skin without her breaking out in a horrible rash. I've been buying Water Wipes for 5 years now after having my second daughter and NEVER had the issue we had with this latest "new look" box. Water Wipes completely changed everything good about their wipes, now they're really no different than huggies!!
The Wipes have an awful smell, the texture is extremely dry and rough, and my daughter has had a consistent diaper rash since we started using these new ones! I even compared them to the old batch of wipes we got last month and the wipes themselves are completely DIFFERENT in every way.
Honestly, might have to just look at another brand after this.... so extremely disappointed.I loved these wipes!! I don't know what exactly was in one of the packages of wipes (look at pictures) it was sticky and rough.
...I would give a better rating and buy again if this didn't happen!

Waterwipes contacted me and explained what happened. They are sending me replacements. I am grateful they are mking this right.We’ve been using Water Wipes for three years and we still love them. For us, they’re worth the price point.

We obviously like the fact that the ingredients are about as pure as you can get. But honestly, what I love most about them is their versatility! I keep a pack in my bag/purse at all times because not only are they great for changing diapers, but you can wipe up any mess with them. Food on your clothes or the baby’s clothes? No problem. Use a water wipe. Need to wipe off grubby, food-covered hands that will then go directly into their mouth? No problem. Use a water wipe and don’t worry about any chemicals going into their mouth! Same with cleaning their face after a meal while you’re on the go and don’t have access to a wash cloth. I never worry about a water wipe getting in their mouth because it’s just water and it still gets the job done way better than a napkin. Also, runny noses and cleaning out boogers are the same deal. I never worry about a chemical-laden wipe going up their little nostrils.

The wipes are soft and retain their moisture well. Don’t take them out of their packaging and put them into a different wipe container though. They will dry out if you do that.

I had been warned by several people that if you don’t use the wipes in a timely manner they will get moldy. I’ve never had an issue with this though. I’ve left a pack in a bag that then hasn’t gotten used for months and when I checked it for mold there was nothing. Also, the pack I leave in the trunk for emergencies has never molded either. I’m not saying this isn’t an issue, I’ve just never personally experienced it in the 3 years that I’ve been using them.

Lastly, a little trick we use is to turn the new wipe packs upside down when we take them out of the box and put them in our diaper drawer. We found that the water would sometimes settle to the bottom of the pack while sitting in the box, leaving the top few wipes kind of dry. If you flip them over and let them sit awhile before use, this alleviates this problem and the water is evenly dispersed again.

Love these wipes! Would recommend to anyoneThe wipes on the top are from our previous box of Water Wipes. We've been buying these for over 2 years and are really disappointed with the new "upgrade". The wipes are smaller, thinner, dryer, rougher, smellier, and most importantly, do a worse job at cleaning up messes. Unfortunately, our next box of wipes will be trying another brand.I have subscribed to this product for 4 years now. This last package that was delivered with a “new design.”

They are no longer thick and moist. They are thin , slightly damp, and smell like chemicals.

Basically they are now exactly like all the other wipes out there that are way cheaper.This is something that is hard to admit to, but I finally gotta give these a rave review...
I'm an adult female and have been using these as my sanitary wipes for the last year, and it's been a game-changer. I learned about these by accident from a comedian's parenting video and they ended up being exactly what I needed to help reduce some feminine issues I was having. I use them for additional booty cleanup and as feminine wipes. They are pure water with a touch of grapefruit extract, no fragrance, no glycerin, doesn't trap excess moisture into the skin or cause irritation or infections. I feel cleaner than I used to with regular wet wipes from the TP aisle. The 4-pack lasts me approximately 3-4 months and is well worth it for a subscription price that averages out around $12. Also worth noting that it comes in a plastic pull-open type pack and you have to be mindful to store it upside down to keep saturated. Packaging is fairly easy but sometimes you may pull out multiple wipes depending how they're folded and the opening can easily get wet. In my year of using them I've had occasional issues with some wipes being processed thin with holes, and as of April 2022 I have run into a batch that has some random fibers in...this may be scratchy to particularly sensitive skin. All in all, these are a bathroom essential that I wouldn't want to go without. One unfortunate thing is that I don't believe smaller to-go packs are available or anything more portable. If they were to offer these individually wrapped, that would be a bonus.I totally understand why parents are freaking out because they *think* water wipes are supposed to be chemical free. THEY DEFINITELY contain chemicals. How do you think they contain so “fresh” in their packs? THINK ABOUT IT. if they literally just contained drops of fruit, those wipes would clearly all mold and be useless in weeks, if not days.

My kid has ECZEMA. I’ve used these since she was born. Our incredible dermatologist informed us that they suspect Water Wipes have alcohol (chemicals!) in them so they reached out to get a definite answer, since so many unsuspecting parents use these. WATER WIPES REFUSED TO ANSWER. Either 1) they want to withhold that info because they want to keep making money off their “proprietary” recipe and/or 2) THEY CONTAIN ALCOHOL, which will basically go against all their snazzy marketing. EITHER WAY, it sucks.

Water Wipes has EXCELLENT marketing. Don’t be fooled. These contain chemicals for sure. I buy these because they don’t irritate my kid too much. They definitely don’t feel as good as a simple run under a faucet (or a warm water towel).The moment I put this new packaged wipes I instantly knew something was wrong.
I am so sad that the new version is not as good as use to be.
I am soooo sad! Not so moist anymore, fabric is really bad, I can’t pull out as easily as before. Does not wipe dirty diaper as used to be. You will need like 20 wipes.
I hate it.
What other alternation is outthere? Please let me know. I am not going to buy this anymore unless they bring the older version back.The new Water Wipes are rough, dry, and have an odd chemical like smell to them. My baby has a sensitive bottom and we tried many wipes before finally going all in and switching completely to the Water Wipes. The hefty price tag was worth it since they were the only wipes we tried that didn’t leave our baby with a red irritated bottom. The Water Wipes company claims the only difference in the new wipes is the packaging and the same two ingredients are the same (water & fruit extract). BUT how can that be true when my baby broke out in a diaper rash after using the new ones? I am thoroughly disappointed and will no longer be purchasing Water Wipes. Back to square one in finding a diaper wipe that works for my baby. Yet another company making changes that no one asked for. PLEASE mommas let’s stick together and STOP purchasing these new Water Wipes so they hopefully bring back the previous ones or at least give an additional option to purchase the former ones. And no, it’s not just Amazon selling “fakes” the new ones are already in Target as well in case you might have thought that.I've been using these wipes on my LO for the past 14 months of his life. I LOVED them, regardless of the cost, since they seemed the purest of them all.
But I just received their 'new look' crap. DO NOT BUY! It is definitely not the same product. The new ones are smaller in size, which I get (they make more money). But they are NOT unscented. They smell of chemicals and not as wet! I am afraid to even let my LO touch them, since I usually give him one to keep him occupied while it's changing time. The smell got to me before even using them on him. They will be returned. In the meantime, I am using the few 'originals' I have left and will have to find another brand. Their bottom line just lost a customer- and be sure this mother will be telling everyone.These are the only wipes that we buy now. And buying them here is quite the discount compared to buying them in stores.
My kiddo has never one time had a red tushy from these wipes. Even though... I had originally purchased wipes from the Honest company. Thinking that they were super pure. we were putting diaper cream on our newborn to combat redness and didn't realize it was from the wipes. Until one night when I had tucked a wipe in between my boobs to warm it up. But then the kiddo didn't need it, I ended up leaving it in there for about 15 minutes. Until my chest started itch. And I had a massive red welt in between my boobs!!! Never again we're those things going on my baby.
So we are pretty in love with this brand, and wouldn't use anything else at this point.HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE such a strong CHEMICAL SMELL!! Been using these for a year since my girl has super sensitive skin and had no problem but now with the “new look” we’re back with a rash! Seriously hate when companies especially baby companies ruin their products with a “new look new formula” crap, bring back the old version!!We had been buying water wipes off of Amazon for over a year and they were great- unscented, simple ingredients, worked well on my daughter’s sensitive skin. However, the box we just bought is NOT the same. The texture is bumpy, they’re thinner and not as wet and most of all- scented!!! My daughter now has a really bad rash on her bottom from these! I am SO disappointed as it is a brand new box! On the hunt for another brand of sensitive diapers with simple ingredients. VERY disappointed!I've been using these wipes for 6 years now. Always loved and recommended Water Wipes. Not anymore. The "new look" wipes are thinner, not nearly as wet, and smaller in length. Is this their response to inflation to keep prices the same? Fine, offer a product like this at a competitive market price, but keep the existing wipes as well and raise the price on them. I will pay more for the original!Listen to the other parents voicing the same concerns and DO NOT BUY FROM THIS BRAND ANYMORE. Pampers pure aqua water wipes will now be the brand we will be switching over to.

I have been religiously ordering wipes from this company for 3 years now and noticed they changed the packaging and formula.

This is what happens when a popular and recently successful company gets greedy. Not sure if they assume parents are stupid enough to keep buying this or they just don’t care.

The texture has changed and they are no longer soft, the wipes are rough and irritated my children immediately. The also added a new ingredient that literally smells like alcohol and burned my kids badly. My daughter hasn’t had a diaper rash in months and these wipes caused her the worst rash.First off, I love waterwipes.

I purchased these in May, and like a lot of reviewers, I got a batch that has this quilted design and not as wet (boo), top of pic. The middle is a batch I purchased from target in 2019, the size of the wipe is the same but not the quilted design. And the bottom is a sample pack I received (the individual packs you can purchase are also this size). I recently purchased single packs with the baby on the front from target manufactured in may 2020 and they were not quilted and were the larger sized wipe.

I contacted the company and they confirmed manufacturing was disrupted due to covid, response below:
"Firstly, let me reassure you that these are the same pure ingredients as the product you previously bought. However, due to disruptions to our supply chain, coupled with unforeseen sales demand caused by panic buying during the early stages of this Covid-19 pandemic, we had to temporarily use an alternative material from one of our other products. The material is the exact same blend as our regular one, the only difference is that this material has an embossed or quilted design. We wanted to ensure that we could continue to supply the wipes that you rely on to protect baby’s skin during these challenging times, and so a limited amount of packs have been produced using this embossed material. This is not a permanent change."

So I'm not sure if they are back to normal production yet, but my conclusion is this: if you buy a multipack box, the size of the wipes are smaller anyways and could possibly be quilted due to manufacturing issues during covid. If you buy the single packs, the individual wipes are larger and don't seem to have the quilted issue from my experience. Personally, I didn't like the quilted design as much (drier than normal waterwipe) so it's def not worth the money to get those, but in general these wipes are my favoriteWe loved loved the old product, but This “new look” also comes with a horrible chemical smell. I’m so disappointed because these were a favorite and now I can no longer buy this product.I’ve used these wipes for four years and two babies and have loved them. I just got a new package in and noticed they appeared to have undergone a rebrand. What I didn’t expect was a change to the actual wipes. They smell of alcohol. This morning, I wiped my son’s face and he asked me if they had alcohol in them and said it burned. They also feel different – less wet and more abrasive. The chemical smell alone will have me ditching what was once my favorite clean wipe for a new product. Very bummed. If it ain’t broke – don’t “fix” it!We’ve used the wipes for both our daughters for years. We noticed our 1 year old having a rash that was getting worse and worse, making her extremely irritable. After trips to the dermatologist and pediatrician nothing was helping. Then as I was changing her diaper I noticed the packaging on these wipes was different and wondered if they changed something more than the packaging. Checking recent Amazon reviews for this item it appears everyone else is having the same issue. We made an immediate change to Pampers Pure, her diaper area is clearing up and is now peeling which means these wipes burned her skin. Hoping this review prevents others from having their child’s skin burned.These were the best wipes ever. We went through a lot of brands before we finally found these. It’s on my subscribe and save. Which I will be canceling now. They were wet and plenty big enough. The package I received yesterday the whole packaging has chanced the wipes are smaller and not as thick. They are not wet like the original. I guess this company is trying to cut cost but come on it’s for babies bottoms. You had something great you should of kept it the same. I will no longer be buying this brand. I still just can’t believe it.Great product if you are looking for wipes that don't have all the extra toxic ingredients & are actually really wet & not dried out. I use them in between cleaning my brushes to wipe off excess makeup, we use them as our bathroom wipes, I keep them in the car to clean the interior, & hopefully will use on babies in the future!My 14 month old is prone to major diaper rashes due to some allergies and teething. So we’ve been dealing with diaper Rashes since she was about 5 months old. Water wipes have been the saving grace for my daughter. We always were able to get her bum super clean with no pain when wiping while having a rash. Sadly that isn’t the case anymore. They’ve made a “new look” but clearly it’s not just the look it’s the whole product that’s changed and its crap. When I opened the first set of wipes first thing to noticed the chemical smell it straight up smells like rubbing alcohol and not only that they feel sooo dry and rough. I decided to try them. sadly she did have a rash and my poor baby instantly started screaming. It’s so disappointing to see a company you trusted so much to just just completely change there product and claim that it’s the same and yet now your child can no longer use it because it causes her pain. I’ve tried looking for the original but it looks like all stores and Amazon have the news ones in. Time to look for a new brand.I read a lot of reviews stating that the old wipes were better than the new look ones. I was opportune to use the old ones and I can but say I agree with the reviews. The new look wipes are drier, smaller wipes and has this weird scent that I just can’t get over. The older ones were more moist and felt like you were actually using water. You could squeeze it and some fluids will come out but this new ones are so dry I fear they won’t do the job. I’m def not purchasing another box. Plus they are too expensive. If I want chemicals, I’ll go look for that. There’s no way I’ll be paying a whole bunch of money and not get what the product is actually advertising.I bought these 11 times on Amazon over the course of 2 years. They were so soft, very moist, and unscented. They were more expensive than most brands even with subscribe and save but they cleaned better than any other brand.

However, this past shipment was utter garbage. I think there’s a new formula with a new package design. There is a strong chemical smell on the wipes that won’t go away no matter how many days the wipes pack has been used. They are not as soft and they are weirdly stretchy and thin. They are also much more dry than other brands now. I’ve switched to a cheaper brand because these are not worth the money anymore. Even if they were the cheapest I still wouldn’t buy them.

They are so bad. I’m highly disappointed.They changed the size, the quality of the wipe. First of all it’s smaller. Secondly the Material of the wipe is different and rough. It’s not as Good as the other one. I won’t be ordering these again. I’ve been using these wipes for 18 months for my baby and will be making a switch.This product has been changed to biodegradable. I should have listened to the hundreds of other moms who said not to use this after the product changed. These are not 99.9% water as they claim. My daughter has been using these since she was born. Then they changed to biodegradable and the first pack we used turned her butt completely raw. Will not buy again.I am so disappointed with the new redesigned Wet Wipes. They smell different (not strong, but different and less pleasant than before) and we don’t like the new paper. As you can see in my photo, the old wipes (pictured on the right) were sturdy and well saturated, down to the very last one in the pack. These new ones are just damp and feel flimsy in comparison. They feel like the other cheap brands. I’m so sad as this has been a staple in our kiddo routine for many years. It seems like we will be forced to explore new brands.These wipes used to be amazing- no chemical smell, super soft, and our little guy was free of rashes since day one!

Now, they've changed something- the wipes have a very strong smell of chlorine, and they are smaller and not as soft. Our baby has a rash, and has started complaining every time we wipe him, which he had not done before.

It's a shame the company decided to change these- they were so excellent before!The last case of wipes i bought didnt have a smell, this new case has a weird smell and it breaks out my babys skin.This is my first time writing a review, and I would like to say that these are not the same water wipes that I have been using. Please smell these wipes, they smell like washed down chlorine! And I’m so upset I noticed after using it for almost a month! Thankfully my husband pointed out that they smell strange and when I smelled these I was shocked !!!!
Please do not buy! Even on the label it states benzalkonium chloride I just wish I noticed it sooner !I was so grateful to find this product two years ago. My two-year old is sensitive to products that contain any fragrance and these wipes were a life-saver. They used to be all-water...I mean really just thick wipes soaked in water. They have now completely changed the product. The wipes are now much thinner, they noticeably contain less water and now come with a fragrance to which my son's skin has reacted. The 0.1% fragrance they claim is more like 50%. It is with a heavy heart I write this review. Until they change the wipes to it's original form I encourage everyone to NOT buy this product. It is NOT as advertised.These are not the water wipes I buy in the store. First off the individual packages are not the same as what you get in stores but the box they come in are what you see in stores. Weird if you ask me. Second they have a horrible smell almost like a paint smell. The ones I've gotten in the store don't smell like these. And lastly I only used 1 1/2 packs and my son since then has developed a bad rash to where it's bleeding now. Extremely disappointed in these. I ordered using prime and didn't get them until a week later. All in all if I could give no stars I would. Now I need to attempt to find the real water wipes in the stores(COVID-19 era). These are the only wipes my son's bottom will agree with he is very sensitive. Returning these ASAP.I have know idea why you would change a product that was truly the best on the market. The new wipes are garbage, I wouldn't wipe my dogs ass with these. I have recommended this product to so many people, I will be sure to let them all in know the new product is absolute trash. Don't fix what isn't broken.I’m pretty happy w/ WaterWipes and although I did order this batch from Amazon [here], I have also purchased them from my local bigbox and they were consistent- so I have no reason to question whether these were knockoffs. My babe has never had skin issues, except for a mild teething rash whixh we used these on. I prefer these bc ingredients list is minimal. I’m glad to see that a biodegradablr option is available bc I would also like to try those but as a former greenie- I do notice that often a lot of the eco-friendly stuff is not the best option for “clean” cosmetic use- so I’m skeptical. The only reason I felt compelled to review these is the only complaint I have about them. Why are these not packaged to auto feed? Its so irritating when I’m dealing with a huge mess and I’m holding my squirmy babe’s legs up, and trying to pull an individual wipe off the stack - its enraging in the moment that I have to fight with it. I also have to go back and pre pull a bunch and stuff them in the gap between the stack on the inside of the dispenser so that next time I dont have to fight as much, I already have some pulled. WTH, guys?!We subscribe(d) to these wipes every 3 weeks and loved them! Our most recent delivery has new packaging, smaller and rougher wipes that are substantially less wet, along with a nasty chemical smell. We will NOT be using these on our babies anymore and will be cancelling our subscription.We’ve been using these since our daughter was born 2 1/2 years ago. We love that they're natural, effective and perfect for sensitive skin. They were so gentle in fact that our daughter frequently asked for one to wipe her eyes. In the most recent package (set of 3) we got, the wipes were noticeably smaller and not as moist. The wipe itself is also not as soft. I’m super disappointed that they seem to have changed the product. We loved the old version but this new version takes about twice the amount of wipes to get the job done due to being smaller and dryer. For the price, I don't think we can justify buying these anymore, sadly.I have purchased these for the past six months for my baby. This past box I ordered was totally different. They had a chemical smell that never went away and each time I pulled a wipe, it would give off a chemical smell. They also are not the consistency of any other box I have used. Super disappointing as I love the ease of having these delivered frequently, but now I’m nervous to reorder because something has changed or maybe I just got a bad box?I have used water wipes for the last 2 years! I have loved them, but the “new packaging” is not just new packaging. They have totally CHANGED THE PRODUCT. The wipes are thinner and flimsy and they have an alcohol like smell!!! I loved the old version because they were very moist, did not smell at all and were great with sensitive skin! These new wipes are NOT worth the money anymore…so sad. Give me back the old wipes!I LOVED Water Wipes but I am going to be switching to Pampers Pure. BEWARE!!!! They’re advertising that the water wipes package has a new look but what they don’t tell you is that the wipes are significantly smaller and are no longer the standard wipe size. This is ridiculous and wrong on their part. They are too small and have to use more of them because of it. Wish I could get a refund but had to use the wipes already because I had run out of them.The new version of WaterWipes with the new packaging and new formula is not as good as the original. (New one pictured on the right). New formula has a somewhat unpleasant chemical smell whereas the original smelled like nothing (like water). I wish they would change it back.

I sent an email to the company several days ago asking about this new chemical smell but have yet to receive a response.We’ve been using Water Wipes since my daughter (18mo) was about a month old. We just started using our latest case and it may be our last! The material is like wiping insulation across your skin; the wipes are no longer as wet as they were; worst of all: when I open the wipe dispenser there is a strong chemical smell. I’ve worked so hard to get my daughter’s eczema under control, so disappointed that a product we’ve sworn by has been compromised.I’ve used this product on my babies for almost 3 years and there has never been a scent to the wipes. The packaging has changed and now my wipes smell like rubbing alcohol!! Why would wipes that are 99.9% water and a drop of fruit extract smell like rubbing alcohol??? So annoyed! Guess I’ll be looking for a new type of wipes.I have used Water Wipes for years. When I opened the package this time, I was overwhelmed by the smell of chlorine. The old water wipes don't have a smell at all. Luckily, Amazon immediately approved a refund without me having to send anything back. It's a shame. Besides being extremely difficult to get out of the package, as others have mentioned, they were otherwise great for people with sensitive skin. On the hunt for something new!I’ve been using these wipes for years and I loved them. I used them well before I had children as a great, chemical free makeup remover/face wipe. I loved how pure they were/are. They have always been tricky to get out of the package especially when you’re in a pinch changing a dirty diaper and occasionally is pull one out that was just dripping wet but I dealt with those thing because they worked well. I love the idea that they are now 100% biodegradable however you can’t actually wipe anything clean with them. They are terrible. I can’t clean my face and forget about a messy diaper, I need double the wipes to get the job done. I’m very disappointed in the new wipe and I’m looking for suggestions on alternatives because I won’t be purchasing these again.Bought these for personal use. I'm thinking something is definitely wrong: no way have the wipes I received gotten this many positive reviews. The material of the wipes is extremely flimsy - thinner and floppier than even the cheapest walmart wipes. It's impossible to use these without getting feces all over your hands, regardless of whether used on an adult or a baby. Almost impossible to make even a single pass without the wipe accordioning into a wet ball.

I did see another recent review, from a long time user of theses, having the same complaint; seems that these used to be a lot better, and only just recently nosedived in quality. Which I suppose explains all the positive comments. Amazon really needs better control over their Sellers when it comes to reviews: I've seen many items listing reviews that were clearly "imported" or otherwise added, when the review is clearly not for the same item at all. It's as if there's a loophole that allows sellers to list a totally different item, but since the item's name is the same, they get to keep thousands of positive reviews that were for a different item entirely.I’ve been ordering these wipes for the last 2 years. It seems the manufacturer has changed the formula and they now have a horrible chemical smell, almost like acetone. At first I thought it was a defective batch and requested a replacement, but the new batch smells just as bad. I’m not comfortable using these on my daughter so they will be going in the trash. The Wipes are also smaller and less moist than before. I will be switching to a different brand.I ordered two boxes of these! They were different from the last box I ordered.. it’s smaller packaging, thinner wipes and no longer as moist! :( It’s not worth the price anymore.These used to be awesome wipes. I've used them for two babies. They're expensive but I loved that they didn't have a smell. They were soft and seemed pure. My most recent order has a "new look same product" label on the box. LIES! I hate when companies lie about their product. These are OBVIOUSLY not the same anymore. Slightly smaller and have a strong stinky chemical smell like diluted chlorine or something. These wipes have never had a smell, which is why I was willing to pay a premium price. I dont know why companies with a great product always have to mess with a good thing. But I'm no longer a customer.The packaging isn't all that changed, the whole integrity of the wipes completely changed. These wipes aren't nearly as moist (in fact I had to add water to the package before I could even use them), smell terrible and have caused both my kids to break out in a diaper rash on day 1 of use. I am returning my other box and wish I could return the one I already opened and used. We have been loyal customers for years and will no longer be using this brand of wipes. Very disappointed to say the leastThe new wipes are definitely smaller in size and less moist that the original ones…. But they’re still the same price. No surprise there.We’ve been ordering these for the last 2 years no problem. I noticed the packaging was a bit different, but it said it was the same wipes with a new look. When I opened the wipes they smelled more potent than usual. Usually there is almost no scent. Very odd. Hoping the next shipment is better or we will be looking for other wipes.This wipes included in the new packaging are smaller and more dry in comparison to the hundreds of wipes I’ve purchased for past two years. Do not recommend.Everything good is gone. Not moist not soft not big. Also doesn’t come out individually. This is worst than any other brands outside. Can we get back the earlier quality????When my son was very young, I caught these wipes as a “deal” on Amazon. Still cost me $35 on sale. I got them and thought they were good but a huge pain to get out of the package. No flip top. Had to buy my own container and put these in them. I realized quickly how inconvenient they would be and decided to try the Pampers Aqua wipes instead. They are AMAZING. They are still more pricey than the average Huggies or store brand, but they are incredible for cleaning up after eating. Very moist. Almost too moist for a diaper change. They are super thick and safe to use on my sons hands and face. I just love them and cannot bring myself to using any other wipe now. They are way better than these wipes!!! I don’t recommend these at all. Btw, I’m a mom of 4. I know my wipes. LolBeen using these wipes for months. But they changed it in Mar or April 2022 and gave it new packaging. It is no longer the same; wipes are smaller, less moist and I believe also thinner.My daughter has broken out in eczema in the past from other wipes. Ever since we switched to water wiped we have had zero issues! I read that the wipes contained formaldehyde releasing agents which upset me, and i reached out to the company. This was their response and I was pleased with it!
"We are happy to explain our position and views on the study you are referring to.

Firstly, I want to reassure you that nothing, absolutely nothing, matters more to us than you or your baby’s skin. Our company was started because of a father’s concern for his daughter’s sensitive skin so we know how important this is to parents and people who use our products daily.

On ingredients, we want to assure you that we are not hiding anything from you or any other people who use our wipes. Our formulation does not contain formaldehyde or formaldehyde releasing agents. On our packs, you see two ingredients listed (99.9% purified Irish water and a drop of fruit extract) and that’s all we ever add. But you’ll also see that we declare BAK on our products (which is a trace component from our fruit seed extract).

With the references to Formaldehyde below, firstly, we want to be clear that we have not participated in this study in anyway, so cannot verify any of the claims made. We have reviewed the full study text you raised
and we have found multiple instances in the paper where the author has queried the limitations, and called for further studies to be able to confirm the results presented within the paper.

In addition, our WaterWipes products are assessed and subject to sale by stringent local and international laws and regulation, alongside our own independent tests that we regularly carry out. It’s also something that other organizations have quite rightly checked when accrediting us – it’s how we have been approved by the Skin Health Alliance and been awarded the National Eczema Associations Seal of Acceptance, so our products have been tested and ratified by other external firms.

I hope the above helps explain our position and alleviates any concerns you may have had regarding our products. If you have any other questions, please do not hesitate to get in contact."
We have continued to use these fory daughter and my newest baby without any issues. My only complaint is i wish the wipes were a little textured to help with cleaning. Otherwise they are perfect!Right off the bat when we opened a new pack of the “new look” wipes we were met by a very different and very chemical smell. Texture is also substantially rougher than what it was before the change. Our son had a small rash and after using these wipes it has become much much worse. After finishing one pack, the lingering smell inside of it was like the one from chlorine in a public swimming pool. Definitely changed the formulation and will stop the subscription immediately while we find a replacement, that’s too bad because they had been great for 12+ months and would swear by them.January 2021, this will be my 13th order here since April 2020. Been very satisfied so far. If it isn’t available here, we have to look in local stores but as much as possible, I like the convenience purchasing here. Water Wipes is so far the best wipes compared to other wipes we’ve bought like Huggies, Pampers, Honest, Seventh Generation and other baby wipes... it is either too dry, too strong of scent or chemical, gives our kids rashes, hot spots or allergic reaction or can’t clean well enough. So far this wipes haven’t done that. It is gentle on the skin, gentle on the face. It can remove make up and it does not hurt or burn the eyes. I can also use it for cleaning dried food or stuff that got on a countertop, wooden floor and even carpets and fabric. So I use it for overall purposes at home while my hands don’t get any chemical reaction or smell, our kids like using the wipes for cleaning stains too. I am sensitive to smell, so I like how this does not smell like an overbearing perfume or giving off toxic chemical smell.

There was one time when we received our order that one of the packages had a stain on some of the wipes, like some kind of a fruit stain, but it didn’t really affect anything, we were still able to use it, just didn’t know what that was.

Theres a few cons, when you pull the wipes out, often times more than one wipes comes out. Sometimes a lot of it, I had to separate and put it back. Good thing it does not dry quick in comparison to other wipes when left unsealed. Another con is, sometimes the container itself gets torn open, but it’s an easy fix by putting it in a ziploc bag.

I think the price is still expensive for me, overall I am still giving this 5/5 stars ⭐️ Just because it is difficult to find the perfect wipes for our kids.I don’t know what has happened. I’ve ordered these through Subscribe and Save for years. Always loved them. Just got into the most recent package. What used to be thick, soft wipes with no irritation are now anything but! You can see through them, they are rough, and irritating. I don’t know if these are the original and been changed or if they are fakes. Either way, these are not what I want to be using.Waterwipes has made a few changes on their wipes...and iT IS BAD!!! I've been using waterwipes on my 2 year old son since he was born because the other brands give him bad rashes and only Waterwipes works on him. But this "new" look ones are as bad as the other brands! The wipes are not as soft and moist as before. My son has has developed some rashes since I started using it on him 2 days ago. This will be the last time I am buying Waterwipes!We’ve been getting Water Wipes since day 1 with our first kid, nearly 5 years ago. We will now be switching brands, and if you’re new to this game, I suggest you look elsewhere.

As others have said, and hopefully enough will say so and Water Wipes will take note, this new version is really terrible. I used to sing the praises of Water Wipes to anyone who would listen, and heartily defend the expense of them, but not now. They are much dryer and smell AWFUL. Like a strong chemical, or even astringent, smell. Good for them for trying to go plastic-free, I could live with that part of the wipes being a bit rougher, but I think the “same formula” claim is a lie. This is definitely not
the same, and I would not recommend them to anyone.I have been a long time subscriber for these water wipes. The first box we received as the “new version” was so awful. The wipes are rough, thin, not wet enough, and worst of all have a terrible chlorine type smell to them. I reached out to see if maybe I just receive a bad case. The reply basically said my sense of smell might be more sensitive than other people…

I switched to honest and/or hello bello water wipes and will probably never switch back to these. I loved them so for long. Recommended them to everyone. Not anymore. Such a shame to change what was a great product.Perfect wipes for baby's skin, regardless if you're diapering or wiping baby all over. Definitely the closest thing to using cotton and water.

The scent is mild, not overpowering and leaves baby smelling (and probably feeling) clean.

The wipe itself does a great job: use as many or as few as you like!

I have these on subscription specifically because I am so pleased with it.These used to be my go to wipes for babies. But this last package came different and very low quality. Dry and small wipesWe loved this product before the new formula. This new formula smells worse than the chemically heavy store brands. Whatever changes they made, this will be the last time I order this product. Gritty wipe, alcohol chemical smell and no soft after feel!Vendor is clearly cutting corners with new version yet charging the same.
Really disappointed to see this product quality go down. I loved the original version of these wipes. The new ones are thinner, smaller in size, and not as damp. They are hard to grab and barely wet. Also have a yellow coloring to them vs bright white as in the past.
I thought maybe 1 pack was off but it seems they’re all like this now. I would prefer to pay more for the original quality. Sad to see quality of these go down.
Will be looking for new options.The new wipes are awful! Dry as anything, have a scent, and rough on my baby! I used to love them but now these are still twice the price but just as bad as all the other cheap wipes now!Rip when they come out , come out 5 at a time all folded up , stained my black diaper bag white and it won’t come off so clearly l not 99% water . Just use pampers or parents choiceI’ve used water wipes for 2 straight years and these new wipes with the new packaging smell like straight up chemicals and even have traces of a harmful chemical Benzalkonium Chloride in them!!!! So mad do not buy this for your baby!!!!We have had subscription for the longest time and we were very happy until the recent changes. The size has changed and the wipes are dry in ineffective. Desperately looking for an alternative.We used to love these even though it was impossible to pull less than 4 out at a time. The new box we have mentions “new look” same product or something of the sort. It isn’t at all the same product. The wipes smell like rubbing alcohol, they feel thin, and my child has developed a terrible rash. She has never had sensitive skin before and these appear to have caused blistering like a chemical burn. Avoid avoid avoidI bought these wipes for my new puppy. I love that they don't have any harmful chemicals in them. I also have used them on my previous Shihtzu that passed away last year. They helped keep her private area clean after going potty and I used them on her pads to clean them after being outside in the grass. I do the same with my male Shihtzu puppy. I highly recommend buying these whether it's for your dog or your baby.These are NOTHING like the old wipes. The wipes are not soft and are not wet enough so you have to wipe a lot which irritates the skin. I am so disappointed as the old version were the only wipes that worked for my sensitive skin kids.These were our favorite for the last two years, sadly they changed the packaging and also the wipes are not the same. They are very dry compared to what they were also harder to get out of package. Same price and crap product now. Won't buy again. Change it back please!We have been purchasing these wipes for over two years on amazon.

The box and logo suddenly changed this week. Now these new wipes have a toxic heavy smell. The texture is very thin and way off the original.

The original had no scent, and super soft and durable.

Something is off with this.

I will not be purchasing this, extremely upset about this. SorryI was hesitant to get these because I had trouble justifying paying all this money for cloth with water on it, but I hated all the extra ingredients in so many of the brands, so I thought I’d give them a try.
I was hooked with just one wipe! After getting my LO home from the hospital and trying them I was surprised at how much better they seemed to work than the ones I’d been using from the hospital (the natural huggies brand I think). With one wipe she seemed almost completely clean!
In time I found that these wipes were also great for her sensitive, fair skin.
The one thing to note is that they are quite wet, so I always dry baby off after cleaning her and then give her a bit of air dry time. If I don’t dry her with a cloth then I have to wait a long time before closing her up in a diaper. It’s an extra step that adds to the laundry, but I don’t mind.
Now if only she would stop pooping so much so I didn’t have to use so many!!I wanted to love this brand. All of my friends use them as an alternative to all the conventional wipe brands. While I am pleased this company has made a commitment to be environmentally sound by manufacturing wipes without toxins, the wipes themselves are still made of a synthetic poly-blend material, which ultimately is just as bad for the environment. Every time you throw away one of these wipes you’re throwing away petroleum-based material that will not decompose. That’s not okay in our book. Further, the poly blend is so slippery that these wipes smeared poopy messes more than they absorbed messes. I found myself having to use four or five wipes for a 100% breastfed poop. I now use a 100% biodegradable cotton brand of wipes and only need one or two of those for the same mess. I hope this company and other wipes manufacturers start making a commitment to omit petroleum-based materials from their products to make them truly non-toxic.We used water wipes exclusively for our son with sensitive skin for 5 months and it was the best. The last 2 boxes we received from our subscription were different. Wipes are smaller, rougher and smell like rubbing alcohol. Very upset will have to change product- we do not want to use this on our son.They used to be super moist, with the new packaging they have changed the quality too, the napkins feel very dry now. It was difficult to find a brand that has so few ingredients in its wipes, with some googling I found believe wipes.
I will be trying this out https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0939CK2Y8/ref=cm_sw_em_r_mt_dp_SX03F0NCXJ1Y1T0N5GFTThese wipes are smaller than other brands and tend to stick to the skin instead of glide. Not heavily scented.

The worst part is that one wipe doesn’t pull out the next. Every new wipe requires you to pinch around to find the edge, often resulting in a whole bunch coming out at once.

Overall, I wouldn’t recommend them. But they get the job done so I will use them up.The original water wipes were amazing - these new ones are awful! They smell bad, are much smaller, have a rough texture, and are not moist enough. Even my son said “Mommy - I don’t like these.” Please bring back the original wipes. These new ones are horrible.We have used water wipes for over a year with our son and always loved the product. With the new packaging they changed their product completely. Now has a smell of an alcohol wipe and we used them for one day and my son started to get a rash which has never ever happened before. Awful when companies change things that many people rely on to always be consistent!What a huge disappointment! These were the best wipes for my daughter's highly sensitive skin, but the new version is awful. Everything I loved about the old version is gone- these are so dry and scratchy. I hoped we just got a bad batch but I see that many others are experiencing this. These wipes were the most expensive option, but I was glad to buy them over and over because they really kept my daughter's skin happy. The new product is definitely not worth the high cost. Absolutely do not recommend these wipes anymore- we will be switching brands immediately.Either they've changed the product, this product is inauthentic, or my memory deceives me! I received WaterWipes as a gift for my baby shower and loved them & their lack of chemicals. However, when I ran out of my baby shower stockpile, I reordered and received a vastly different product.
My baby has no special needs/overtly sensitive skin, but I hate the smell of traditional baby wipes and think the chemicals in mainstream brands may expose my family to potential toxins/unknown effects that I'd rather avoid if possible. I was quite disappointed with the product I received. The wipes were overly saturated, reduced in size/quantity per package, and composed of significantly rougher material than the WaterWipes I originally received and loved. Consequently, their use directly resulted in irritation/redness of my baby's skin and failed to adequately (or even partially) perform their primary function: to clean! Extremely disappointed and confused as to what seems to have gone wrong. Equally upset that I am unable to return unopened packages or receive a refund for the purchase that has left me feeling like I have been duped by Amazon or WaterWipes. Neither company has accepted responsibility nor offered an explanation for the inadequacy of this product. Ideally, I would like to see this wrong righted and either receive a refund or be able to exchange them for a superior, useful, and harmless brand.
**Edit: received refund from Amazon. Bless.I buy water wipes since baby’s first day which is almost 18 months
And bow they change it to new packaging…but it’s not only about packaging but wipes too…
Smells terrible and the texture of the wipe is different too, way worse than it was before. I hope I will be able to find old water wipesUsed to love Water Wipes, but just got a new shipment and the wipes are now super thin, smaller, and dried out! I understand that costs are rising, but they are ruining their good reputation by cutting corners. I would rather pay a little more for a good product. Will be looking for a different brand of wipes now!Does not clean poop. Rub and wipe all you want, it doesn’t clean skin well. Leaves residue. It’s made of cheap materials , feel almost like polyester… terrible … it slips out your hands, very flimsy wipes . I’ll stick to honest wipes.We have used these wipes for 2+ years and loved them. When we got our latest shipment the package was different and the individual wipes reek of chemicals. I think it’s alcohol I’m smelling. I thought maybe we had a bad badge but I’ve spoken to three different people that had the same experience with their recent orders.They used to be the best but I don't know what changed the product is different more of syntactic than natural, if u ever bought costco wipes that's exactly like that , anywho very disappointed 😞 😔.If you’re looking for a pattern-less, soft and extremely moist wipe that is intended and good for sensitive (or any) skin…this is the wipe you need.

Pampers is next in line but still not my favorite…and honestly I haven’t found another wipe that hasn’t caused her to get red or sore. Honest and Seventh Generation both have patterns which make the wipe rough. No other wipe is as moist as this one…water wipes figured it out!

We have tons of wipes left from our baby shower but we’re still ordering and only using these.I don’t know why they changed this product, but the most recent package I received are now biodegradable (great!) and completely useless as baby wipes (not so great!) They don’t hold moisture and don’t stand up to my 6 month old’s blowouts. I’ll be switching to a different product, and suggest you do the same!We’ve been using water wipes on both our children for 7 years now, and this change in design/product is awful. It smells completely different, like a chemical, and they come out of the package in bulk. Plus her diaper area seems to be more red now. Please go back to the way they were.I love WaterWipes and have never had a problem purchasing them from Amazon until now. They smell terrible, like chemicals instead of essential oil, and it makes me feel like it is some other random wipe packaged in the WaterWipes packaging. I can't use this on my baby and will be filing a complaint w AmazonI strongly suspect that these are not actual WaterWipe products. When comparing to WaterWipes purchased from a store this product had a rougher texture and was much dryer (tested multiple packs within the 9-pack box). Unfortunately, I didn't think it was too much of an issue and proceeded to use them on my newborn. Within a few days of use he had a horrible reaction - including a rash and what appeared to be a tiny cut (presumably from the rougher texture), not to mention he was very uncomfortable during diaper changes. Switched back to actual WaterWipes and the rash cleared up. I would strongly recommend against purchasing this product. The convenience of Amazon is not worth getting a knockoff product.I have been ordering water wipes through Amazon for 2 years and have never had an issue until my last purchase. The box is different and so is the packaging, the packaging says UK on it. At first it didn't matter till I realized the wipes are smaller and are semi dry. I have to add water to the wipes in order for the wipes to become moist.We’ve been using these for over 2 years, since my son was born. Last two boxes are not the same, you could immediately notice the difference - cheaper, thinner material and smaller wipes, less moist. Feels rough on your skin, like the cheap baby wipes we stay away from. We won’t be ordering any more. Sad because we loved them before they made whatever changes they did!Best wipes for babies! I love these! They have no yucky ingredients. My baby hasn't gotten any rashes with using them. They have no scent. I also use them for disinfecting (antifungal, antibacterial, antiviral) hands by adding 2 drops of tea tree essential oil and working it through the wipe. Especially after my kids play on the playground equipment at the park. We got ringworm recently and this method with the tea tree worked great for cleaning the ringworm spots before treating with decolorized iodine (which I recommend if anyone, human or animal, gets ringworm, btw). I used cloth wipes with my daughter, and these water wipes exclusively with my son (he's 2 1/2 now), and I've had absolutely no issue with them. They're perfect, and I'd highly recommend them! I do recommend them in person to anyone I know with a baby! Also, as opposed to tea tree, you can also try adding a drop or 2 of lavender essential oil for wiping down kids faces, hands, and feet for the added antifungal, antibacterial, antiviral properties & a calming smell at the end of the day (or any time).So if your baby is formula fed like mine and you are out in public and you have to make a bottle and you hate the hassle of having to travel with your diaper bag and baby to the bathroom and struggle while you wash your hands. Buy this it sanitizes and is like having a sink full of water on your hands. No residue feeling like the pampers wipes and it's all natural water a fruit extract and soap berries.

Litterally feels like pouring a cold bottle of water on your hands and even better I forget to close them sometimes and they never dry out on me. they are very moist as described above and has a texture to it for easy poop clean up. Best thing hands down!!!They just changed them and they are not good in my opinion. They feel thick and dry and they dry out fast unlike the previous ones
which never did. They are now so dry that when you try to pull 1 out you get 10 or more. Wasting the product. I will not be buying these anymore the change is that bad.I recently changed wipes and decided to see what all the hype was about WATER WIPES 😒 These are the worst wipes. I’ll give them 2 stars for moistness and if this was the last thing on earth available to clean your littles ones butt off with you would have to use the unGodly amount of wipes to get anything clean. These would be appropriate for newborns but if you have anything that produces a decent turd I would steer clear of these. When cleaning #2’s it takes forever. It’s the material these wipes are made of. It’s wet enough to get the turd off but it doesn’t stick to the wipe. It rolls the turd into miniature balls of turds that just fleck off around. I never seen anything like it. I have 3 under three and I thought I had a pretty good grasp of cleaning a diaper. These wipes have made me question any confidence in my diaper duty abilities. I will be canceling my subscription. I wanted so bad to like these but it’s “it’s a no from me dawg”

No breakouts, seem gentle, if I needed a wipe to keep in my car to clean my hands every now and then these would be it. But too expensive for all that.I want to like these wipes. They are so pure and great for little hands and little faces in addition to tiny tushies. But they are just so dang difficult to use! They are nearly impossible to get out of the package with one hand, which is critical when you are desperately trying to keep the aforementioned little hands away from a dirty tiny tushie. Also, they just don't wipe that well. They're almost too smooth to effectively wipe the baby poop, especially the sticky meconium during the first few days. I wouldn't recommend these, unless you're just using them for post-meal clean up on the go.Not just the packaging but the formula too.. I will only be able to use these for cleaning surfaces at most. Definitely not for my baby’s skin, smells awfully chemical!I've heard of those from someone whose opinions I trust, and I decided to order them for someone who has very sensitive skin and needs 'wet wipes' instead of or in addition to regular TP. Most wipes have harsh chemicals and/or scents that are not tolerated by that person, or are rough or flimsy. These are FANTASTIC! They work for everyone, and are excellent for wiping sticky hands and faces, too. We've expanded to use them exclusively for all 'wet wipe' purposes, and not just sensitive bottoms. These are competitively priced enough that there's no reason to buy the other kinds. We're sold. Thank you Mama Doctor Jones for the recommendation!The new wipes suck. If you stress your concerns on their Facebook page, they tell you they will never bring the old wipes back because they are "all about saving the planet". Okay corporate, if that's the case, why are these the worst biodegradable wipes on the market? Other biodegradable wipes are wet, non scratchy, don't smell and don't fall apart when you wipe. This is 100% greediness. They just wanted to charge the same amount for a cheaper terrible product. What a load of bologna. If you really cared so much, you wouldn't put cardboard, water and whatever chemical smoothie and say it's what's best for our babies.I usually don't write reviews but I was so disappointed with my purchase I felt the need to. These have been my go to wipes for over 3 years now. I loved them. Worked amazing and no burning sensation.

However I opened this last case to find new packaging and unfortunately a new formula for the wipes themselves.

The same top tier price for a, now, very low quality wipe. The wipes are smaller, rougher, thinner, hold less moisture and creat a burning sensation. (My skin is not sensitive yet it still burns in contact with these)

If I hadn't already destroyed the box these came in I would have returned them.This is my wipe of choice at the moment (Dec 2017) because it is the only wipe that doesn't give my son a rash. People have complained about the size... well all I know is that to clean a poop event, I need to use 2 to 3 wipes... 3 wipes for a messy one. I pull out the wipes before I pull off the diaper so they are ready to go.

Side note, you have to be vigilant with your child. You cannot let them go a long time with poop in their diaper. If it dries, no wipe will work well. Not to mention a rash will develop from the prolonged exposure ro poop. Since this one has no soap, it is extra important to change them as soon as possible.

Another side note. This is what works for us to avoid diaper rash. After wiping the poop gone, we rinse our son's butt with water under the sink. Then pat dry with towel and let air dry for a bit. Then apply a healthy amount of aquafor in and around the area where poop comes out. Then apply a thin coat of burts bees around the same area.Have only used these a few times so far but they seem great. The size is just fine, don't think I would want them any larger or they would seem like a towel instead of a wipe. I have sensitive skin and recently got the Pampers Sensitive wipes for myself, mainly because it's one of the few wipes on the market that does not have aloe. (Why is everyone getting on the aloe bandwagon?! It makes some people itch!) All was fine for a few weeks then suddenly itching and burning, yikes.

Found these just browsing around and knew I had to try them. Just two ingredients, now that is just common sense. So you can use them on your face, your bum, your hands, everywhere. How ingenious!First package I received was drier than the wipes normally are but either that was a quality control/storage issue that has since been resolved, or I’ve just gotten used to it cuz they seem fine now.

I always keep one pack in my car, one in the bathroom and one by my bed, cuz you never know when you might need them. I appreciate the minimal ingredients/additives used in these wipes, as well as the complete lack of scent (unlike some so-called “unscented wipes”) and would recommend these to anyone who’s looking for a true “water wipe” - especially anyone who finds the scent of other wipes to be too cloying or overpowering. I’ve tried a few of the more well known competitors (like pampers aqua pure), and water wipes win every time. My only complaint (isnt really unique to these wipes in particular but it does also apply to them) is that I wish they were a little thicker, but they’re on par with other brands and they’re strong enough to handle any task without falling apart or anything (like so often happens with even the toughest paper towels).

I know these are technically “baby wipes”, but I’ve never actually used them on a baby so I can’t speak to how well they perform in those circumstances, but I have used them on a soiled cat’s sensitive areas, which isn’t THAT different, and they held up just fine.

If you’re looking for something to actually sanitize a surface, these are obviously not the wipes for the job, but if you just want a pure, simple wet wipe without all the frills and fragrances, you should definitely give Water Wipes a try.I have bought waterwipes for years for my kids. They say they changed their packaging look, but the product that arrived is inferior to what I've purchased for years. In the picture you can see that the new wipes are much smaller. They also are thinner and cheaper when you open up the package and examine them. I feel ripped off.These are some of the worst wet wipes we have ever purchased and we've went through thousands of them. We have twins and change a bunch of diapers. The wipes will not work in a warmer, they will not pull through the top properly. After the first package just left them in the original packaging. They are too small and fairly difficult to unfold because they stick to themselves and the other wipes - which is not something you want to deal with when you have a squirmy baby on the changing table. Plus they are way too expensive, we have had better wipes for less than half the price. We haven't had any rip yet, that is one positive, but the only one. We only bought them because they were the only ones available, thanks a lot COVID-19 panic-buying jerks.As some have stated the ingredients have chemicals in it. That is true. However it has always been there but now they are stating it on the package. The fruit extract they are using has it. I checked their website. They are being more upfront about what's in their wipes so they arent fake water wipes.. they are just in a new package that states exactly what's in it.We have been using water wipes for both our children for over 3 years now. The wipes are now biodegradable, but they have become dry. They no longer are super wet and soft to adequately clean my children without irritation. I will be looking for other options.I have been using these for 4 years since my first child and let me tell you the new “biodegradable” version is just terrible, smells horrendous, leaves little white bits all over the skin and does not wipe smoothly like the previous versions. Will be trying happy camper or pampers pure, very sad because I absolutely loved these for years before. Buyer beware…These wipes are great, but the number of wipes you get per pack has dropped over the last 6 months to 60, and now the wipes are smaller in size as you can see in the picture. These were from two different shipments. Same price. Probably will be the last ones I buy.We used to love this brand. We used it for our first child and figured we would use it for our second. However the new look is terrible. They are so thin and just not the same wipes as before. I used to give these wipes 5 stars and recommend to everyone. Now I would not. However they still work better than others for sensitive skin.Let's start with the good--my baby likes these. They clean him and don't cause an irritation. In the grand scheme of things, you can ask for anything more. For the baby.

Then, there's the bad--they're tougher on parents. They don't feed through the dispensing hole one-at-a-time, and, they just don't come out when fed through diaper warmers. That means, getting these out of the pack or out of the base of a diaper warmer means it's a two-handed job, leaving you one short if you like to keep on on the baby.

To be clear, I have these on Subscribe & Save, because it's the baby who matters, but it doesn't mean it's not a frustrating product.I have been purchasing water wipes for the past 6yrs due to a medical condition. However. This last box of 12 I just got. Every single pack is extremely DRY?! I am going on a trip. I have to physically go to TARGET and get more. Because I will be able to feel the texture there. These wipes are way too expensive to be DRY. How can you call yourself “WATER WIPES”. And be DRY?! Maybe the package was held in the moist humid of warehouses and depleted all moisture. But I cannot further purchase a product as such. Please correct the problem!!! Thank you!!Water wipes have for years been the best wipes. Worth the price to provide that extra care for our sensitive children.
They redid the product completely to be biodegradable. Great, however the wipe is now barely one ply, and calling it a water wipe is a far reach.
It’s smaller, dry and thin.
Costco wipes are better.
This is a big bummer.
Looking for the next best thing ✌🏼These aren’t the same wipes I’ve been using for the last 2 years. I’ve recommended them to many parents but sadly they are no longer the same. The wipes aren’t as damp and not as soft. As a result I need to use water and use way more than necessary. Please tell me this isn’t a permanent issue. If so I’m going to need to look for another brand to use.I have bought water wipes since my 1st daughter was born. I loved that they were just water & grapefruit extract. Recently they added benzonatate chloride. The wipes smell like chemicals. Please do your research parents. Its so disturbing that baby companies continue to do things like this. Im not shocked. Going back to making my own wipes with water & coconut oil.I am a regular buyer or water wipes and never had any issues. But this time i m not happy with the product at all. It feels like regular wipes. It is moist but not enough to call it water wipes. It doesn’t feel the same like before. They have changed the formula. It is totally WASTE OF MONEY!!!!Last 2 monthly subscriptions from Amazon (April & May 2019) have been different. The package now has a harder plastic flap on it which isn’t too big of deal except possibly being non-recyclable (not sure but I put them in with the plastic bags recycling).

But the BIG change is the smell - musty or something hard to describe. In April I thought maybe they had sat outside my house in the heat for a day but then again in May means something changed! We used them to wash our hands sometimes and it leaves a musty smell on hands plus imagine on baby’s diaper area...

This is SO disappointing because we have ordered a case of these every month for 5.5 years now!What happened? These were my favorite wipes and I’ve never used anything but for the last year and half. I just got a new box with the “new look same purity” but the quality is definitely not the same. Is it because they’re “biodegradable” now? I will not be purchasing again unless the box looks like what it used to look like and hopefully they’re still the same product as before.Idk what they did to these wipes but they used to be awesome. Now (ever since my April 2022 delivery) they’ve become drier, rougher, and now have a weird alcohol like smell). My baby who tolerated the older version well is now having rashes from these wipes. It’s a shame because these use to be the best.Wipes have changed! "Same wupe, New look" is complete BS!! Dry and rough on my newborn and 1yr old. Im not going to repurchase , im so disappointed. These WERE my favorite..no longer. Ill go back to Honest wipes again I guess.We can’t live without this! It’s just simple and pure, without lotions, irritating perfumes or additives. We use it for ourselves as well as on our dog several times a day. We subscribe and save 20%.

CONS: The only thing is…the dispenser is terrible! The hole is to too small, and very difficult to grab just one wipe. Clumps come out and you end up shoving it back (which isn’t hygienic) or using/discarding more than you need (which isn’t cost effective).

P.S. DO NOT FLUSH IN TOILET. This is not safe for plumbing…you will get sewer backup…happened to our neighbors!We’ve been using water wipes for almost a year and have never had an issue. However we noticed with this last order that the packaging and the wipes themselves were different. They seem to be a different material - they’re not as soft and it’s very difficult to get just one wipe out of the package without it being stuck to a bunch of other wipes. We won’t be ordering again.These wipes are equivalent to the ones you would get at the dollar tree. I didn’t know these were considered water wipes. -Well I got water wipes which is fine. But now that I know these are similar to dollar tree brand; I won’t purchase these again because I can get more packs locally. I prefer the other brands over this because... well I don’t know. My husband didn’t like these for the babies and I am just agreeing. If he liked them; then maybe I would too but I still have my own opinion about these being very similar to dollar tree brands.
-3 stars because these are not all that to be honest ; but they are what they say they are.
-DeeThey are great for sensitive, they are pretty much water and something to fight off bacteria and mold
But they're... almost soaking. the material is not kind enough to be wet and provide that balance of grip on your hand and glide over whatever your cleaning on your body.
Hard time separating, hard time getting them open once you get it out of the case. Personally I cannot stand the new throw away dispensers. the bag sucks, its loud, the opening never clicks shut and they never separate towels like they're supposed to. But that's not specific to this product.

I dunno, they're a good alternative to the usual, but not my first choice. I do appreciate the formula, I can attest they are super sympathetic to skin!My son was allergic to wipes when we had him ten years ago so we had to use wash clothes at home and we use paper towel with a spray bottle of water or had to pre wet wash clothes and stick them in a zip lock baggie when we went anywhere... it was a huge hassle, so when our daughter was born in January I knew I wanted to use wipes, we bought a ton of the fragrance free wipes for the big box store and again baby was allergic and broke out in a rash, we switched to these late one night to help my one week old with her horrible rash that was cracked and bleeding and within two days her rash was gone and at almost a month old she hasn’t had another. The price is much higher and these aren’t very thick but let me tell you when the alternative is having to use a wash cloth that you have to launder I will gladly pay $30 for 700 wipesBuyer beware- I’ve purchased water wipes only for my 9mo old and the new formula is terrible. They smell like chemicals, the wipes are small and not as wet and they are rough. Thankfully amazons customer service was great but the actual product is way different and not good. Very annoying.Used to be great wipes however after they changed their product to biodegradable ones , they’re now awful.

Not they’re super thin and not as easy/smooth to wipe on skin as they used to be. And they worst part is that they have a terrible chemical smell. I find it hard to believe that it’s 99.9% water as it claims to be.We have been using these wipes for more than 2 years.
This new version is just horrible. DRY and feels less soft compared to the previous ones.
Not recommendedUsed these for a long time.. now they stink, I dunno what that smell is! . So this was the last package.. I think the ones I found are cleaner anyway and close in price. Im liking the abby n finn now.The wipes themselves are soft and good for their intended use, but I am constantly frustrated by the poor packaging. It is just an open slit at top requiring you to dig in (often with dirty hands) to pull out a wipe. Sometimes they come out in clumps all stuck together—so frustrating during a diaper change!

Other manufacturers have figured out how to design their packages for easier dispensing, why haven’t they?

Unfortunately, this is a huge problem when trying to be quick, efficient, and sanitary for a diaper change. For that purpose, these are hard to recommend.These are the only wipes we will use on our baby. I like that they aren't full of chemicals like all of the other wipes out there. I do wish that these wipes were the same shape as the average wipe, instead of being longer and skinnier. When pulling the wipes out of the pack, a couple of them will come out easily and then you will find yourself digging around in the pack and pulling out way more wipes than you wanted. I purchased a wipe container to put them in, hoping that it would help, but due to the odd shape I have to arch them when putting them in the container and I still have the issue with the wipes not being folded in a way that pulls the next one up.The “new look” wipes are completely different! I contacted Water Wipes directly and they informed me that they changed the formula, getting rid of the polyester in the wipes to make them biodegradable. Well, now they are dry, rough, smell, and bother my daughters sensitive skin. I’m so disappointed because these were the only wipes I could use safely on my daughter. I’m not paying extra for wipes that are just as dry and rough as all the cheap ones!I’m here to echo the other reviews. These are no longer worth buying. I’ve been a loyal user of these wipes for 4 years - as long as my kid has been alive. If you had asked me 6 months ago I would have said buy these and only these. Pros: They are more expensive than the other brands, but they don’t reek of fragrance, they keep forever, they are mild and gentle. The wipes are strong, supple, made of renewable bamboo, everything wonderful. Cons: The packaging is unbelievably loud and crinkly, and the seal atop the wipes pack is chintzy, and the way they stacked them so that 5 wipes try to get pulled out at once is super inconvenient. That would have been my review as of 6 months ago.

But my current review? Don’t buy them. At all. The last 7 packs I have, all have a strong smell of mold. We have mold allergies in my household and we can’t afford to bring them into our home. For my family breathing airborne mold spores is an instant lung infection. Let alone wiping your whole face with them.

The mold is new. I’m guessing it’s due to the new, uneccesary, ingredient of benzylkonium chloride...which I’m guessing is used because the newer thinner crappier wipes are more prone to mold?

I mean, I get it. Your wipes are super expensive and you lack creativity. You decided to make the packs smaller and the wipes cheaper and the product moldier. I’m not rooting for you to go down, but only innovators stay on top of their field. Cost cutting isn’t an innovation - it’s desperation. You could have advertised. You could have hired some evangelists. You could have reached out to new markets - the French would love it. You could have tried for a government contract - I know women in the armed forces would use these. You could have figured out a format that wasn’t too heavy for a diaper bag but wasn’t exorbitantly overpriced minipacks. But instead you decided to be cheap and you’ve got nobody else to blame. I’m sad you ruined a great product rather than do anything creative or intelligent.I HATE these wipes! The texture makes it so when you wipe anything if you try to fold them in half and wipe again it just slides and you end up with the dirty part just sliding out to say hello again. They gave my son a horrid diaper rash too. And the most irritating part? They don't even layer them into the packs so they come out one after the other like EVERY OTHER BRAND ON THE PLANET! Nope. One comes out and then you have to dig for the next one and even using my nails to try to scrape along the top to find the edge it still takes forever! Not the way I want to be doing things when I'm changing poopy diaper. So the other option is taking out a whole mess of them and separating them, then putting the unused ones back into the package. Of all the stupid designs this one takes the cake. Moms of newborns are already busy. Don't make the diaper wipes another challenge of the day! It's not that hard to layer them into the pack so they come out one after the other ready to go. I've never seen such stupid wipes before.I hate the new formula. The wipes are rough, smell like alcohol and irritate my child. We have been subscribed to these wipes for over a year and I will now be cancelling. Too bad because these were our favoriteI've read lots of reviews. I've never had problems with dry wipes. Maybe just the first 1 or 2 at the top of a few packages but that's normal. They are very wet. Very easy to clean my sons bottom and never leaves a rash or redness. To me, these clean better than any other normal wipes like pampers. These r much wetter. The other wipe complaint was that they come out in bunches. I do have the issues sometimes, but its not that big of deal. If you take them out before hand theres no issue or if you use 2 hands to take them out like one hand holds package and the other pinches them out then they come out fine. I'm sure they would work well in a container to help that prob too. Either way the complaints are totally worth buying still. Great wipes and I've bought boxes and boxes already and have been using them for 3 months now.Pros:
Love it's non-toxicity.

Cons:
1) It slides against itself when folded in half, making it less effective at picking up waste.

2) It's too wet. This sounds funny, I know, but the reason this is a con for me is it takes too long for the baby to air dry before closing up the fresh diaper. (To prevent diaper rash, you don't want to trap all that wetness in a diaper.) I'd blow on the baby to facilitate drying. If I don't let the baby dry out first, her skin is really wet and glistening from all the water in these wipes.

Just to add some perspective, I was:
1) Using these on a 0-4 month old. (Tall but skinny for her age. 70th for height but 29th for weight.)
2) Use one wipe per pee diaper.
3) Use around 3 wipes per poo diaper (more if explosions happen).

Maybe, my wetness con wouldn't factor in very much for folks with a bigger or older baby.I use this product all the time and have been purchasing it for years. The last case I ordered from Amazon had defective packaging. Almost all of the wipe pouches were leaking since they weren’t sealed properly during manufacturing. I ended up having to use the good package and buying the rest from Target since I couldn’t wait for another delivery. Luckily Amazon accepts returns when these things happen. When packaged correctly, the wipes are pretty good quality. They are soft, very moist (wet), and seem to keep my baby from getting diaper rashes. They are very moist and stay that way for a very long time. My only complaint is that, like many other brands of wipes, they don’t dispense easily. Sometimes you get more than one, and sometimes it’s hard to just grab one with one hand. The way these are packaged are not very user friendly but I can see why they package them this way. It’s to keep them extra moist and keeps you from picking up more than one wipe and cross contaminating the rest by placing the excess wipes back in.Very dried out upon arrival. Useless. Wanted to use for my puppy, and then maybe for my face and whatever. Too dry, useless. Did I mention that they are so dry (where's the water?) that they are useless? The pkg says to store it upside down to keep moist, so we speculate that they have not been stored that way before delivery, IF they ever were fit for purpose. Do not waste your money!I have tried virtually every "natural" baby wipe on the market...7th Generation, Huggies Natural Care, Honest Co, etc. I thought my search was over when I discovered the 2-ingredient Water Wipes. I used them faithfully with my little one for 3 years. By pure coincidence, I discovered a third ingredient on one of the packs we were already using: benzalkonium chloride. Eventhough the labeling claims "trace" amounts, I am absolutely appalled that a manufacturer would include this antimicrobial agent in a baby product at all, since benzalkonium chloride has been shown to cause infertility in both sexes of lab mice even when it was used only to clean out their cages. Do you really want this anywhere near your baby (or yourself) even in "trace" amounts? I am so disappointed that Water Wipes has compromised like this. We will be tossing our remaining packs and searching for a better alternative. I cannot recommend these and maintain a clear conscience. Buyer beware!I order these all of the time, and have been ordering them since my son was born. Yet this time I received what looks like really old packaging and each pack smells horrible. I don’t know who to contact but i’m so disappointed. No clue how to return any of it since we’ve had to use it after spending so much money on it.I have been using this for my kid since she was born. It's been more than two years. And suddenly, they changed the new package, and the smell weird. previously with old package, It was no smell and really pure as claimed. Now it is changed. I am not sure what else wipes to change to now.These wipes used to be GREAT! Have purchased them for over a year but they are no longer chemical free. They smell like a chlorine filled swimming pool and they BURN :( Sooooooo sadThese wipes are awesome. Soft, stretchy, and Natural! I always wondered why the need for all the extra chemicals and garbage in baby wipes, and finally companies are thinking with their heads. I’m only giving it 4 stars however because these really need a flip top instead of the sticker lid. The wipes stay very wet for a long time, another huge plus that they don’t dry out. But sometimes the sticker lid doesn’t seal very well and water can leak out. Flip tops are also just easier to deal with. Please make these with flip top without raising the price! I’m now trying pampers pure only because of their lid.So unfortunate because these were our absolute favorite baby wipes. We could use ONE of these instead of 3-4 Pampers sensitive wipes to do the job! Since we last purchased, the mfg has COMPLETELY changed the texture of the wipe: they are thinner, waffle textured and dryer. Originals were super thick, very very wet.
I hope they return back to the original! especially since its the same costThey now seem less wet. It appears the wipes changed as they are now "100% biodegradable". Nothing biodegrades in a landfill (the dump where your diapers in your home trash go), so it is almost pointless. But I guess a move in a positive direction overall. If someone drops wipes on the ground, they will degrade in x amount of time...More expensive than a lot of brands, so let's get that out there. If you're looking for a cheaper alternative, this isn't it. However, if your little has sensitive skin and breaks out with other wipes, you won't find a better wipe. It's the only one we've been able to use and highly recommend it. No scent at all, each pack stays moist as long as the seal is left on. If you do sit something on it, the water will squish out, so keep that in mind when putting the diaper bag together. Otherwise, no negatives. Love them.I used to love these until the last package I received. They feel different and are a lot less wet than they used to be. I'm bummed about it!We have used water wipes for my son since he was born (now 2yo) and they are great. Not dry at all like a lot of other wipes. But I'm always on the quest for greener products and just starting using Caboo Bamboo Baby Wipes (https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01LOPQYHW/ref=oh_aui_search_asin_title?ie=UTF8&psc=1). My husband and I both think they perform better (maybe since they are slightly textured) and I love that they are biodegradable. Huge plus for me given the amount of diapers and wipes kids blow through, and we have another one on the way.

(For diapers, we use Andy Pandy https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00C9IZVOQ/ref=twister_B07BMTN3LV?_encoding=UTF8&psc=1 -- the most eco-friendly out there by far, most others are basically Pampers with a bamboo lining on the front and back, for double or triple the price ...).

If you are all concerned about landfills/leaving a greener planet for your kids but don't have the time to deal with hunting down green products that actually work, I can whole heartedly vouch for Caboo Bamboo Baby Wipes and Andy Pandy diapers!I’ve been using these wipes for years, I took one out of a brand new packages of the redesigned and reformatted box and it smelled awful, was rough and didn’t seem safe or clean anymore.Honestly I really dislike these wipes. The only reason I continue using them is because the ingredients are better than most. Not many other options.

The wipe itself is super thin, way too wet (I literally have to pat LO dry with a small towel after wiping down). I dislike how when I pull a wipe out it's often still folded (doesn't dispense properly), so I'm stuck unfolding it to get the most use out of it while I have a squirmy baby covered in poop. Once I do unfold it, the wipe is flimsy and scrunches around while wiping, doesn't stay flat under your hand. They are soft though. I have to use two wipes to ensure poop doesn't seep through onto my hand, which I usually get poop on my hand anyway because of how much the wipe scrunches up.

The only thing these wipes have going for them is the cleaner ingredients. 🤷‍♀️I don't understand how or why these are advertised as biodegradable if that is not what is being sent to customers. I order these wipes every couple of weeks (and have been doing so for the last 2 years) and I have never received the biodegradable version. I understand they are new-ish and it says packaging may vary. However, the description should really say Product may Vary.The box says new look, but nothing has changed? Don’t be fooled. These have changed and they’re awful. They are thin, they smell like a hospital, and they’ve lost every desirable quality. Such a shame.Got really paranoid during the early on sought of self-isolation that I’d never find baby wipes again. So I hurriedly purchased a case of these without ever trying them before or reading a single review. And after realizing I definitely overpaid for these, also realized that they suck. So rough, felt like I was always pulling more than necessary. Also, a total pain to pull individual wipes out of the package they’re in. Not good when you’re trying to quickly change a diaper before your baby try’s to squirm away. Also noticed a month later that these actually never sell out at my local grocery. Probably because the quality is so poor and people would rather use anything else to wipe their bottom with. I mean if there is literally no other option, well yeah you have no other option. You’re gonna buy these and be annoyed every single time you use them. Multiple times in a day.These really are the best wipes around. I’ve noticed pampers and huggies have started making “mostly water” wipes since these came about, but those are not just water; it’s just that percentage-wise they’re mostly water, but so are all wipes. The other brands still have stuff that makes them irritate babies’ butts. These seem to be the only ones that will keep a tush from getting irritated, even in the midst of diarrhea.

The only annoying thing is that they are not packaged in a way that makes the next wipe come out a bit when you take one out, so that you’re constantly fishing for the edge of the next wipe, which can be quite annoying while in the middle of a poopy diaper change. But I eventually got the hang of it and it’s no longer such a problem.

Do make sure to store them upside down, as is suggested in the package, to make sure the top wipes are wet enough.I've been buying these for more than 3 years. I just received another box and they are different!!! The reason I have loved these (and not switched to other brands) is because they are odorless. The new ones have a chemical smell. VERY disappointed!! I'll now be changing brands.If you like your wipes literally dripping wet, these are for you. If you want wipes that are easy to pull out of the container or which actually clean up diaper messes well, keep looking. The fibers are soaked, but woven so tight that poo bits don't stick to the wipe. You'll end up using twice as many, which is frustrating because the next wipe doesn't pop up so you have to pry it up with fingernails. Also, your baby will be so damp that you need to let their bits air dry before closing up the new diaper.

These have been relegated to cleaning up table and outdoor messes, but I won't put one of these near my baby's bottom again.I hated the idea of using mainstream brand wipes on my newborn. Look it up, they are FULL of chemicals. On a newborn's skin? It on skin that may be a bit red or irritated from diapering? Nope, didn't want the chemicals. Tried these even though they are far more expensive than regular wipes but I really like them. I've been using them steadily on my 2 month old and like them. They get him clean even with a very dirty diaper. He never smells after a cleanup, and has never had any irritation which makes me believe that all those "cleaning, disinfecting, fragrancing chemicals are not at all necessary at least for a newborn. To boot, my son never cries to let us know he needs a diaper change, so probably sits in it more than some other kids do, and These still make for a great cleanup. One wipe typically does the trick, 2 for messy jobs.
A few notes...
The packages are very heavy. Guess it's because there is more liquid/water in these than other wipes because they rely on water for cleanup as opposed to liquid. I don't carry here in my diaper bag, too heavy.
Since they're so liquidy they sometimes stick together when pulled out which can be annoying. If this happens I try to shove the excess wipes back into the package which doesn't always work. Luckily they're wet enough to leave out of the package until your next use without drying out.

They're really wet. Like sometimes you can wring them out. I don't mind this but it's not the neatest approach. But, it's just water so if it drips I don't care.
My baby was born late July during a heat wave and I've had no issues with mildew or mold as some reviewers have. I store them in the shipping box in my air conditioned home.
I do wish they could be used with a wipe dispenser. You can't use them like that because they aren't meant to pull up in singles with another one following, if that makes sense. Can't put this package inside another wipe tub, it won't work.
Vs other brands I feel these clean as well as or better Than others and I love that they are safe for baby.Like the other reviewers said - they changed the wipes. I've been using this product for a couple years now for makeup removal and my most recent order had the new packaging. The wipes are now smaller, thinner, and they have a SMELL! I love these wipes before because they were thick, soft and had no smell. The smell is chemical-ly. These are no longer worth the price!! Honestly if the wipes were just smaller but the same texture/smell it wouldn't be a huge issue but I cannot get over the chemical scent on my face.Like others have mentioned, the wipes have changed. I noticed the dots on the newer wipes that I just received recently. The ones that I got in the beginning of the year was just plain rather than having the “dots”. Sheets at the top tend to be dryer but if you just flip it for a bit prior to opening the liquid should even out. This is probably just due to the way it’s stored. It doesn’t always pull out perfectly either. Sometimes I have to stick the extra sheets back in and the sticker doesn’t always close properly/stay close. Regardless, these are just minor issues to me. I still like how there are very minimal ingredients used.I've been using water wipes on my daughter since the day she was born (2+ years ago). I just got a new package a couple weeks ago and it was the first time using wipes from the "new look" package. These are so rough and dry. The most accurate comparison is a large wet nap from a restaurant. I'm hoping this was a fluke because there's no way we can continue using them otherwise.I'm giving this five stars because with the exception of one issue, this is a great product. I do believe, however, that you could get gauze -- or some kind of organic cotton roll and just cut and make your own by spraying with water with a dab of grapefruit seed extract. However, since I don't have the time to do that, these are great. The one drawback is that if you're in a hurry to get that mess dried up fast and you have a wiggly kid, you can end up grabbing multiple wipes at a time because of the way they are packaged, which is a waste of money. So here's what I do now: I carefully take out, singly about four wipes when I know there's a lot to clean, but I do it before undiapering. That way they are ready to go, and the bulk of the mess is cleaned before wiggling ensues, ensuring a cleaner diaper area and cleaner socks or whatever your baby likes to stick into his diaper area when you're changing him/her.I use these for so much. I use them on my animals for various things I use them on us for various things. Theyre truly gentle and may require more than one for a job a typical baby wipe requires only one sheet for. the sheets r fabric like and also very wet. They dont dry out sitting around not in use closed up. They r one of the few remaining things in this type of product that wont trigger rashes and intense burning on my skin. I have even used these to swipe something off eyes of faces. That gentle. I buy them by the case. Every month. But dont be foolish and flush these. They r not flushable they will clog ur lines and cause septic and sewer issues. I have gotten quite a few people hooked too. All I do is see a problem suggest them tell people what we use them for the person tries them sees an immediate improvement and boom they're also hooked. Only buy if u plan to be a customer for life bc once u start u won't want other brands.I've been using water wipes for 6 years. They were my go to for all 3 kids and I swear they got stains out of anything. They recently changed the design and seem to be smaller and less wet. It takes so many more wipes to change my baby's diaper and they aren't as effective as they used to be. I don't know what has changed but I may need to find a new brand of wipes. I'm so disappointed. this was the product I recommended to all of my friends who were first time parents of babies.The old formula was great -- the new biodegradable wipes gave my 1 year old the worst diaper rash she's had in her life. I'll be switching to a competitors wipes.These wipes are awful. I have to fold them in quarters to use them or else whatever I’m wiping comes right through onto my hand!🤮 So I go through way more wipes than I usually would. I can’t wait to be done with this stupid box. I used to love them so I decided to spend the extra money but something must have changed. They’re really wet though, so I’ll give them that.Really effective for sensitive skin. My youngest son was born premature and his skin was more sensitive than a full term baby. Once he was a little older we tried switching to Pampers Sensitive wipes and his skin had a negative reaction within hours of making the switch. He’s now 5 months and still gets a rash from other sensitive wipes but has a healthy no rash bum with these wipes.

Cons and why we’ve tired multiple times to switch to Pampers Sensitive: 1) these wipes do not interfold. You don’t realize how important this is until you have a massive dirty diaper, you wish you had three hands, and have to grab and unfold each individual wipe. This is so annoying and a huge inconvenience, especially for the higher cost for these wipes. This also means these wipes don’t automatically come out of all wipe dispensers as the wipes don’t automatically pull on each other when you pull one out. 2) Expensive 3) Smaller wipes, the Pampers sensitive wipes comfortably cover my entire hand unlike water wipes which barely cover my hand and if I move my hand too much my hand will directly touch a soiled bum. 4) Feels thinner so I don’t feel ensured my hand has a secure barrier when I’m wiping.

My oldest son also has sensitive skin but has always responded well to Pampers Sensitive wipes. I’m hopeful my youngest can make the switch sometime in the future. But I will continue buying these as long as his skin remains sensitive.Don’t buy! I bought these because our regular order of Bloom Wipes was out of stock and boy do I regret it. These are sooooooo small you’ll use half the pack on one poop diaper.
The only thing these are good for is cleaning baby’s hands and face.
Cons: super small, thin, and not effective at cleaning poop messes unless using half the pack.
Pros: soft, clean ingredientsI am so disappointed! I have been ordering Water Wipes monthly since 2016 through Amazon’s Subscribe and Save! My children have incredibly sensitive skin and they were the ONLY wipes that worked for them! Originally I would have given them 5 stars, but they’ve changed!

My newest little one is 3 months old, and I noticed right around the time she was born, the water wipes we were getting were different than what we were used to receiving the last 6 years!!! The new ones smell bad, and each wipe is smaller and thinner! The box now says ‘new look, same purity!’ I don’t believe it! WHY did you have to change it???? Seriously!!! Why fix what isn’t broke???

I have literally spent over $3,000 on Water Wipes in the last 6 years! Now I feel like there’s no point in continuing to pay the very expensive price, because the quality is so inferior to what they used to be that I don’t feel they are worth it anymore! Please let me know if you ever change them back to the original water wipes because I’ll come running back to a good thing! But for now, I can’t keep paying so much for subpar wipes when I can get other subpar wipes for a fraction of the cost! Super super disappointed!These don’t have a scent, which I like. Other Unscented wipes still smell terrible to me. They do not fit in a wipe warmer (you pull one and it falls down into the well). The biggest issue is the Benzalkonium Chloride. My son had a horrible rash and screaming fit at every change. After visiting my doctor and then a dermatologist, we found the issue was with these wipes. The dermatologist said not to use these wipes as babies can have very bad allergic reactions to this specific chemical and to NEVER use any product with it (including adult wipes!) so keep an eye out on what you buy.***Black marks on wipes (see pics)

These are great wipes. They are scent-free and clean really well. The cloth type varies at times but are relatively soft. Have been using these exclusively and happily until I noticed black marks on the wipes. Unsure if it is mold or from the manufacturing machinery. You are supposed to use within 30 days of opening because there is a chance of mold due to very minimal preservatives in these wipes however the package was opened less than one week to finding the black marks. Have never had this problem prior. Disappointed in this but will continue to use hoping this was a bad batch although its not acceptable, especially for a baby product. Will discontinue if this happens again. Would give 5 stars if not for this experience.Yeah it’s a bit pricey compared to others but I cannot express enough how much it’s worth the money. I have 2 little ones. These wipes were once gifted to me for my first one and I have never turned back to anything else. I also gift these to friends/family at baby showers just so they know there’s a really great product out there for their little ones. The cloth feels thick and there’s no stickiness afterwards. Other wipes tend to feel gritty, thin, or mesh-like. I tend to use baby wipes for everything and I used huggies wipes on baby’s face once — she broke out in a horrible rash which made me feel awful. I don’t have to fear using these wipes for her face or anywhere else, it’s literally like using water and a cloth.We've used and loved Waterwipes for 5 years and am beyond disappointed in the new formula and quality. I recently bought these and immediately noticed a strong rubbing alcohol smell and that the wipe fabric felt thin and cheap. Thinking it was just that one package I opened another and found the exact same thing. Turns out there has been a shift in formal and it's AWFUL. Switching to another brand and never ever going back.I used to love these, they were super moist compare to other brands. I also loved that they do not have any harmful stuff for my baby or fragrance etc. I used to recommend them. Both my baby and my toddler don’t do well with other brands They give them a rash. These are They are pricy but I used to not mind paying for them. Well I don’t like them anymore, they not only changed the packaging but also the wipes aren’t as soft and moist anymore! They smell more like it has chemicals. Such a
Bummer they changed them
Because they were the best. Pls go back
To the old Formula!There are some reviews claiming that it's fake. However, I don't think so.

Bought this for our newborn. Honestly, this is chemical free water wipes and one of the best in the market. This doesn't cause any skin irritation and unscented. The price is also great for a pack of 12. Use one wipe for pee and 3-4 wipes for poop. I make sure I've them handy when I clean poop before I pull a diaper. Absolutely love these wipes.

Will buy this product again.These irritated my baby’s bum, which I’m not surprised because Grapefruit Seed Extract is extremely harsh (I’ve taken the drops myself - it can kill stomach viruses). She is 6 months old and never had diaper rash or any issues. She didn’t get a rash from these persay but after the first week I noticed her bumhole and ladyparts seemed really red. I imagine this is where water from the wipes might not dry well after wiping and closing up the diaper. Well one night I thought hey this seems to be getting worse and went to wipe her and she screamed bloody murder, poor thing. I put diaper cream on her and switched back to Pampers Pure (same concept) and she’s been fine since. Just because it’s “natural” doesn’t make it better.Have used these wipes for over 2 years. Will be canceling the subscription due to the new version just released. Wipes have become very thin and have a weird scent. The quality is significantly worse than their original wipe. Really disappointed.These are actually fragrance free unlike many fragrance free brands that still have a weird smell. They are durable although not super thick or textured. They run smaller than other wipes and the package although smaller than most is heavier than most. Just picked up more from the store which now have berry extract and they have more of that weird smell but are also textured, the packaging has green instead of blue. Hopefully next time I reorder I'll receive these original ones. Will buy again!I don’t know how people are using this. I guess as we all know, everyone’s skin is different. I used this on my child and within the next day he had a reaction. I don’t know what’s in this product but it sure isn’t just water. Perhaps that drop of extract was the culprit. I won’t be purchasing this again due to my child’s reaction but good luck to those who do. I’ll stick to pampers sensitive wipes.

If you try to remove them and put them in a dispenser they don’t come out seamlessly. You have to keep digging, as they don’t attach to the following wipe. They’re also VERY wet. I don’t recommend.These are almost dry..Fruit extract…? What was I thinking buying these. Fruit has natural sugar so these are a little sticky. It caused my daughters skin to get irritated. If you use these, dry them off with a cloth before putting a diaper on. Otherwise, you’ll get skin that prunes and peels. I only use these when we are traveling so they’re not a total waste of my money. I began making my own wipes and noticed a HUGE difference in my daughters skin. They work GREAT. 3 cups boiled water, 2 tbsp dr. Bonners soap, 2 tbsp coconut oil and a bounty roll cut in half. Boom.These are my favorite wipes, the NICU used these when my son was there. They're very moist and I go through less of these than other wipes, plus they are gentle on my son's skin. The packaging for these wipes aren't great so I recommend getting a wipe dispenser. My only complaint is that the box must've gotten wet in the warehouse and there was a strong mildew odor when opening the box (wet/mildew spot in picture) and the box was a bit warped-- so far the wipes are fine. Also, these wipes have an expiration date of 12/31/21 which I'll use them way before then but definitely recommend to check the date on yours before using!BEST WIPES OUT THERE. Side note: I never write reviews but when I was desperate looking for wipes for my baby’s sensitive skin these reviews helped a lot so...with that being said... I want to add my thoughts as a parent to this review thread. These wipes are simply the best wipes on the market. My baby came home from the hospital with diaper rash...it was getting worse every day even while using diaper rash creams, I thought to myself- how and why?
I noticed it was getting worse day after day and the wipes we were using at the time state on the package “all natural- plant based ingredients” so I thought it couldn’t be the wipes... until I took a closer look at the ingredients and noticed there are more than just a couple plant based ingredients. The rash got worse every time I wiped his bum he would squirm around and cry during every diaper change it was awful, after a month went by and trying many different ways to try and get rid of the rash...I finally came across these water wipes and the rash went away within a couple days baby stopped crying during changes!! He’s now 8months old we still to this day use the wipes and he has never ended up with another rash again. The wipes might be a little on the pricey side but coming from one parent to another they’re worth every penny! we never had to buy diaper rash creams or anything extra during diaper changing time after using these wipes we also didn’t have to use any type of “special” or over priced diapers on his sensitive skin. They’re simply the best!I want to cry. These wipes were the absolute best and even after reading some of the recent reviews about the changes, I didn’t think they were true BUT... the wipes I received smelled like alcohol compared to the ones I had bought previously from target (same exact brand). I had no choice but to use them for a day and the next morning my daughter had severe redness and pain in her diaper area like a burn.
Don’t purchase these online!! Go to the store and get them.. not sure what’s going on here.I love these wipes. Perfect for cleaning my daughters face and hands after a messy meal away from home. After reading and seeing pictures of the bacteria that could grow inside the wipes, I am now paranoid and try to peak in the sides of the package every couple days. However I do not let anything touch the inside of the wipes, so there would be no reason why I might have this issue, unless the product was manufactured improperly. I have had no issues so far, and will continue to purchase.I bought these during the whole covid19 pandemic right in the middle of the shortages. I feel the price was ridiculous for just wipes with a lot of water. I used them to make my own sanitizer the bags are super heavy because they have a whole lot of water! When I was draining them I swear i could've fill up a whole cup of water. They really are not soft although they are durable. I do have two kids they aren't on diapers but I would never pick these wipes to use on my kids. I guess these are good for people that have babies with sensitive skin, but again idk about the actual quality of the wipe it feels like the dollar store wipes to be honest. If you like huggies for example you will not like these. Well I will never buy again, the price is ridiculous for one.So many products have harmful chemicals and toxins these days. My wife and I like to err on the side of caution for our baby especially since there's no way to keep track or to know what chemicals would have harmful effects.

Scent - this has no scent which is perfect because it means no harmful chemicals used...
Wetness/roughness - we think it is not rough at all. For us, this is moist enough. One tip is to store the packs that you are not using upside down... that way the water would flow to the top of the pack when you turn it upside when you are ready to use it. When you buy this box, we noticed that the company stores all the packs upside down.

We read that some reviewers are noticing mold in their packs. This has never happened to us (we have been using this product for about a year now). However, because of these bad reviews, we do a visual inspection before we use the wipes.Don’t buy, contains chemicals. Not just 2 Ingredients as advertised on the packaging “Water & Grapefruit extract”. Misleading and false advertising!!!! Wipes Smell terrible and gave my baby rashes, stay away from these wipes.I wanted to like these. First off, the opening that the wipes come out of is just a sticker covering and not a little plastic door, so we were constantly losing the plastic sticker cover which risked the whole batch of wipes drying up.
Also, the cloth isn’t quite textured enough to completely wipe dirty bottoms, so a second and third wipe is usually needed.Really disappointed in the new version of these wipes. It says it's a new look, same wipe -- not so. Very dry, pretty much useless. I won't be purchasing again.I mean, they are wipes. They worked fine to remove urine and poop from our baby, but they were more of a pain in the ass to remove from the package than Kleenex. 90% of the time, when I’d grab one, it would not pop up the next one and I would have to dig another one out (this is assuming there is already one sticking out, which there often isn't), which was not particularly easy in the middle of an already frustrating diaper change in the middle of a night with a crying baby. You don't want any bottlenecks during a diaper change. Everything needs to go as smoothly as possible for a swift change, at least for our baby. Even when the change is otherwise going smoothly, he will start crying in those last few seconds as we're closing the last 2-3 buttons on a footie.

When these run out, I will probably switch to cut up pieces of old t-shirts and a spray bottle. More environmentally friendly that way, anyway.

UPDATE: we had some Whole Foods 365 wipes that I'd forgotten about and decided to use those in the diaper bag. They have zero problems dispensing wipes normally. FWIW. YMMV.I love these wipes so much!!! Both of my babies have eczema and really sensitive skin and these are the best! They are so thick and soft and never irritate their skin, even when they have a diaper rash. Best ever in wipe warmers!!! Also... these wipes are amazing at cleaning Desitin off their bottoms. It only takes 1 wipe and the job is done. These also never tear. The only 2 things I don’t like is the price (they’re very expensive but worth it to me), and the sticker closure. I go through them fast enough that they don’t dry out, but they do get dry sometimes because it doesn’t reseal the best.We’ve used water wipes for years and the new changes have a chemical smell and are dryer.. my baby has a rash from usingThis really does help for sensitive skin, my baby is at the age where they keep getting diaper rashes and the other brand irritate the skin so much. We bought this pack to try it and it really doesn’t irritate the rash further. A lot easier than a wet rag on the go. Bonus I also use it for hands and face because it convenient and gentle. The actual wipe itself could be a bit softer but its not rough.A friend had gifted me a few packs of these and I originally love that they were so natural and safe. I have a baby and 3 boys and we keep wipes in all of the bathrooms because who doesn’t want a clean bottom!? However, I have to say that these are better for cleaning sticky hands than they are anything else. They are thin and sopping wet. You literally need to ring them out or dry your baby or yourself off after use, but the worst part is that both my 1 year old daughter and myself experienced itching and irritation after using them. I would recommend only buying a small pack and seeing how you like them.
I do like them for dirty hands or things like that but they aren’t worth the price to be a wet napkin.No issues with my babys butt, twig or berries and these wipes. Like theyre free from excess chemicals. The one thing my wife and I cant stand, is they dont pull apart well. Brand names come out nice like a tissue box, these do not... One pulls off and it remains completely flat leaving you having to dig into the package (or, wipe warmer..). I'd give 5 stars and high praise but this is annoying as all heck, esp when almost out and theyre at the bottom of a warmer.Its a great hiney wipe! Soothing and cleansing. Don’t flush them. They’re large and I love that they have not one chemical!! They are what they say!! I made one mistake….they say to turn them upside down to store. It helps keep the package moist. Places the box upside down, had something too heavy placed on top. Ended up with a big, wet mess from the water getting squeezed out of the packs! Oops. So be careful how you store them. Otherwise, I love these!My son skin did not tolerate any other water wipes. We tried them all. Every single brand. Even the ones who claimed to be for sensitive sking. Nothing worked. and he always developed a terrible rash on his privates that was extremely painful for him.

Then I found this on amazon and I was sold when I read other reviewers with similar problems. My son has a severe allergy reaction to the chemicals on the brand known wipes. You would be amaze of how many chemicals they put on those wipes.

This brand is 100% free of chemicals. They have no smell and they work perfectly.

Yes, they could improve the dispenser but I could not care less. It is very easy to take more than one wipe so these go fast. Same deal at day care, they tend to use them faster than the rest.

Thanks for creating this kind of wipes. It saved us a lot of time and not having to go to the old times of soap, water and towels.These were great , and I have been getting them every 8 weeks since my daughter was born. However, the most recent shipment was different! The packaging was similar but different, and they smell! They really smell awful. My husband thought he was smelling poopy diapers, but is was just the wipes. I want to get rid of them, but now I have a big box of perfumey-stinky wipes. I am unsubscribing.We used these from birth for my son, on recommendation from the NICU where he spent the first few months of his life. Unfortunately, the "new & improved" version is awful. The wipes are hard to get out of the package, tear apart easily, and aren't nearly as moist as the old version. Will be looking for a different option.Best wipes for newborns! Another well known brand of sensitive wipes was making my newborn’s bottom red and rashy looking. Which made us have to buy and use diaper rash cream and was sort of messy.
A friend told me about these and how she starts her kids on this brand and then gradually switches them to the cheaper wipes as they get older because these are on the more pricey side.
Once I switched to these wipes, my daughter’s diaper area was and is still not red at all anymore. We’re also not having to use diaper rash cream anymore either. Win-win!We’ve been buying water wipes for over 2 years now and this is the first time we got a box that was fake. Usually on the packaging where it says Water Wipes (stay with me here) the clear flip tab to pull the wipes out will start half way through the e in water - on the fake packaging the clear flip tab starts right after the t in water. As soon as I opened a new pack they smelled like chemicals. When I pulled out a wipe it has the honeycomb (or whatever you want to call it) texture to it versus a smooth texture. I didn’t have anything else to use, so against my better judgement, I used it anyway. It didn’t take but 10 seconds for my son to turn bright red all around is privates and bum. This did not only happen to 1 son but both of my sons turned bright red and the older one now has a rash. Whatever you do DO NOT BUY THESE!!! AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!!I did a ton of research to find the cleanest wipes and these were my top pick. I had a feeling my babe would have sensitive skin like his father and I, and I was right!

We used these for the first few weeks of his life until we ran out, and then I tried a different natural brand because these are a little pricey... it gave him a rash right away. As soon as we switched back to Water Wipes it cleared up and he hasn’t had one since!! So for us, it’s worth the little bit of extra money.

They’re pretty thin, but I don’t mind that because they’re super moist and they don’t dry out towards the end of the package like some other wipes. There’s no scent to them which I love because fragrances are 1. Often toxic, 2. Pointless, and 3. Drive me nuts!

Definitely recommend. And these ones are around $30 right now for the 720 pack, which is about $20 less than the same pack at my local Target, so I’m super pumped to have found them online.After noticing our daughter getting mild rashes despite being thoroughly cleaned with each diaper change, we decided to switch to some different wipes. We tried at least three different brands of wipes, each one claiming to be "natural" or "free," and ALL of them caused issues except these WaterWipes.

This is the ONLY wipe I have seen that has NO odd ingredients or chemicals in it. It is truly just water with a miniscule amount of grapefruit extract. Not surprisingly, it's also the only wipe that has not caused any rashes or irritation on our daughter's skin. These wipes may be slightly more expensive than other brands, but I will readily pay that small difference if it means less skin irritation for my baby.

The packaging is quite good, too: each individual package of wipes has an adhesive flap you can re-close to keep the remaining wipes from drying out. Still, I would strongly suggest putting the wipes in a dispensing box so you can grab them easily instead of wrestling with the package each time you need one.Pros: no chemicals, so I know they won’t irritate our baby’s bum. They’re also extremely wet, so they do a great job at cleaning up messes! My son used to have diaper rash that we just couldn’t quite get cleared up, and then we found a trio of products that worked for us: switching to huggies (from pampers), Boudreaux’s butt paste extra strength, and water wipes. Haven’t seen a hint of diaper rash since making these three changes.

Cons: The packaging is terrible (just a little sticker on top that doesn’t really stay closed) and the wipes all stick together so pulling just one out is not an option. Even tried putting them in the reusable wipe dispensers and they still all come out in one big clump. When you’re dealing with a poopy mess, the ability to easily pull out a wipe one-handed is kind of a must. And a lot of times I end up just using all 5 or so wipes that came out in a clump because it’s easier than trying to pull them all apart. That might sound lazy but if you’re a parent you get it. It’s either that or wiggly baby kicks his feet into his own poop while you spend time pulling wipes apart. Priorities. So this leads to a lot more waste and ultimately makes the wipes more expensive than they actually would be if I could just use what’s actually needed.

Conclusion: we will be testing out other wipes for ease of use because of the packaging frustrations with these, but will absolutely keep some of these on hand just in case.I got these to help clean my kitty when he was sick with small cell lymphoma and his stool was out of whack. It’s basically just water, so he didn’t mind and I was glad to be able to help with something safe and disposable. After we lost him, I’ve been able to use for a kitty who had hernia surgery and had to wear the dreaded cone of shame. Great for cleaning the cone and her, while she was recovering. I’ve also used on myself and they’re nice and gentle. All around great purchase!I do not like these wipes at all. They are not put into the bag so that one will come out after another instead youre left struggling to try abd get each wipe out. Which if you're struggling with your toddler to change his/her diaper you don't want to be struggling with wipes too. I understand these are called water wipes but they are soaking wet. These wipes were bought in desperation during the pandemic as someone with twin babies I didnt want to run out. Will not be buying these ever again.This is the second time I brought a case of these. I don't know what I was thinking. I have extremely sensitive skin and this made me feel like I had tons of little scratches on my behind. I would not use this on a baby because they can not describe the subtle burn that after multiple uses eventually grows so painful you want drag your butt across a rug like a dog.A family member gave me some of these wipes and I really like them and I was so happy to find them on Amazon. They’re really moist, there’s no scent and they’re just perfect for what I need! You cannot flush them but most wipes you can’t flush anyways so that’s not a big deal for me.Good for sensitive skin and eczema, no scent, not too thick or thin. Ive used a lot of different brands of wipes, including lots of "natural" brands and this is the ONLY truly natural one ive found. Works for the whole family. Only complaint is the price. Ouch. I bought for the first time at a merchandise overstock store for a very discounted price and I was hooked. When I saw how much they really were, I said oh well, im buying them anyway.I guess I’ve been getting the original version until my most recent delivery. The new version are smaller and not the same texture and seem thinner. I don’t like them anymore.I've been buying these for a minute now and they have definitely thinned out the wipes. It's ridiculous. I ended up using more wipes than usual and getting mess on my finger cause of how thin they've made them now. I will be looking at other brands. This use to be a staple now I need a replacement.Water Wipes used to be amazing but they changed the product around May 2022 and the new ones are very dry, small, clump together, and are not worth buying. If you can find old stock of the prior design you should stock up.These wipes are hands down the best, most natural commercial baby wipe available. They have no scent whatsoever and provide a thorough clean without tearing or falling apart. If I'm using one to clean up after a messy meal, one wipe can be rinsed clean as many times as needed to clear the mess. It's rare that I need more than 2 wipes for a dirty diaper. On top of their efficiency, they are completely chemical free... My 9 month old son has never had any irritation, let alone a diaper rash. In contrast, though I used the same brand diapers for all my kiddos, I've only used these wipes on him and both my girls would occasionally get a little red and irritated on their diaper area. I'm convinced the lack of additives in these is what's kept him from having irritation. Yes, they're a little more pricey than other brands but absolutely worth it!I have a subscription on this package, it last for at least 2 months and I use it for a baby (1 year) and a toddler (almost 4 years) for diaper changes, wiping faces and hands after eating. Both of my kids have a very sensitive skin and I haven’t had a single problem with this brand.Our newborn had sensitive skin for the first few months of life. We tried using other sensitive wipes and fragrance free wipers, but they still have him a nasty rash that eventually turned into blisters and took us weeks to get rid of. The only wipes that worked for his skin in the first few months were Water Wipes. They worked like a charm and did not give him a rash. They are extremely expensive compared to other brands. That is honestly the only downside. I would love to continue using this product since it is a great product that's great for his skin, but we simply cannot afford it. I highly recommend for all newborns until their skin can handle more affordable baby wipes.The wipes in the new packaging are significantly thinner and smaller than the old ones. I've been using these for years and noticed the difference immediately. They're fine enough but not worth the price. I doubt I'll reorder.With the initial shortages due to the pandemic, I gave these a try as I could not find the Huggies Natural wipes anywhere. I’m so glad I did! First of all, there’s only 2 ingredients in these wipes and absolutely NO scent. They are wetter that the average wipe and work well for lots of cleaning jobs, including hands and faces. They also work great on surfaces. I keep them in the bathroom and in my car. The only thing I miss is the “pop up” feature I was accustomed to when buying other brands. These wipes are individually stacked in their respective packaging.. Overall, I highly recommend Water Wipes and will continue buying them!I started to buy this product when my daughter started to fight off the sensitive Pampers Wipes. Where it concerns the Pampers wipes, I thought it was her just being picky until I had a cut in a finger and I had to pick one up to clean her. Oh, dear!!! It hurt me as if I had almost thrown alcohol on the cut. No wonder why she kept on flinching, especially when she had rashes. That's when I started to research for alternatives to Pampers wipes and that's when I found these WaterWipes at a Walmart store. Then I looked for them on Amazon and it made a lot more sense from a price perspective to buy them in here than at a store. I can't help but wonder what the heck is Pampers putting in their wipes. And I don't care Pampers now offer their own version, called Aqua Pure. I am not switching back to Pampers. I'm concerned after the bad experiences with my daughter, who by the way is autistic and has Sensory Processing Disorder, a disorder that makes her feel things a lot stronger than someone who does not have this. I will stick to WaterWipes, unless they change their product and we start having problems with my daughter again, like she did with Pampers.We have used these wipes for years with our children, but the last two boxes have had wipes that had a bad odor, like rubbing alcohol. The packaging is also different, and I'm not sure if the formula for the wipes is different too or if it was just a defective couple boxes. But we won't be purchasing again.I love that these wipes are so moist. All the wipes I’ve bought from Costco, Huggies or pampers do not compare. I have two complaints however; 1) I run out of them too quick as I use them to wipe almost everything, and 2) the packaging makes it hard to pull out one single wipe. It always comes out in several chunks. I find I have to take out wipe by wipe and place them on the side of the changing table before I even remove the babies diaper off just to have them ready so that I’m not grabbing/wasting handfulsAfter my newborn experienced the pain of diaper rash and the wipes with alcohol burning her during wipes, we switched to these water wipes AND the Pampers pure Protection diapers - Together, this made the WORLD of difference! My newborn's diaper rash, open lesions from the diaper rash, soon went away within 4 days from making the switch to these 2 products! I won't go back to alcohol-based baby wipes EVER. These are not scented at all but the quality is what I'm using them for!I wanted to like these. We use wet wipes regularly in the bathroom and have tried several brands. What we want: chemical free, good size, resealable package, soft texture, no scent, durable. These wipes hit most of those points, but are lacking something in the texture. Instead of wiping smoothly, they sort of stick or catch. Seems the material they are made of is the problem. Previous brands all felt smooth and wiped smooth. These do not. I won’t order again. Going back to the best so far, Kyndful.Glad to know I’m not the only one to come here and complain about the recent change. The wipes are so different now, they are rough, dry and smell bad. Bring back the old formula!This is an updated review. I first bought what appeared to be an original batch and LOVED IT. Out of all the different brands these were the most moist, pure, simple and doing the job! No chemicals, no smell or perfume. Then in 4/18 after reading lots of upset reviews, and searching tirelessly for something similar, because I remember not liking any other brand even close to WW, i still decided to go with WW.
New packaging looked differently, it was the one from UK.. I was hesitant, but honestly, it smelled, looked and felt exactly the same.. it was wet and worked great. I agree , they are pricey, I am not advocating for some shady ingredient that many spotted, but all other brands seemed way more ‘loaded’ then WW in my opinion.
Anyway, after completing 2boxes we ditched using wipes almost all together, since we are staying home - it is just easier to rinse baby bottom in a sink, it is also free. As a ftm I wish I knew that before, though at the beginning using wipes felt easier than holding baby over the sink anyway lol
Now we do a keep spare pouch of the wipes for on the go only.My favorite wipes. My girl is very, very sensitive and almost everything irritates her skin but these don't bother her at all. The wipes have been thick enough though when going from breast milk only to solids I did have to increase the number of wipes I used but I feel like this would happen regardless. I noticed Pampers has tried to do a similar line called Pure and if you compare the two the ingredients are not the same. This product is genuinely just water and a drop of fruit extract. The Pampers version is water and one percent "gentle cleansers" and there version of no alcohol is no drying alcohol. Definitely give Water Wipes a chance if you are considering the Pure.

These are also great all over wipes for baby's face and hands as they are so gentle. I even use them to give my pugs a quick freshening up!

The only downside for me is the packaging. I do wish they had a proper plastic lid/pop up like the Pampers products because after a few uses the water wipes container no longer seals well and can leak water. I keep them in a plastic ziploc to prevent drying or leakage.I have used these for 16 months on my sensitive daughter. The new formula is offensively chemical smelling. Literally HORRIBLE. It burns my eyes. These are the worst. So overpriced for smelly, chemical SMALL wipes. Huge disappointment. Looking desperately for an alternative. I’m literally going to throw away the unused portion. They are HORRIBLE.Used to be the only wipes I would pay more to use! Perfectly wet enough and clean ingredients. These wipes are dry now like brands and sting. They changed packaging and ingredients!These wipes are great. My baby has sensitive skin and even when she has a rash, these don't bother her. There is the tiniest bit of grapefruit juice or something in them but they don't really have a smell. They aren't textured like other wipes, but I think that's partly why they are softer. We go through them fairly quickly but I can't really tell if that would be the case with any wipe or just these. We have tried other brands but she gets a rash, so I don't mind buying these in bulk and just having them everywhere. My daughter has one very goopy eye due to a super small tear duct as we use them to wipe her face too. All around helpful and sensitive.I love the ingredient list. That’s about it. First of all, they never pull out as just one wipe so you waste a bunch. They don’t thread together, so you go fishing in the package for the edge of a wipe and end up pinching like 6. They are actually too soft— you can’t really clean baby with them after #2, they just smear stuff around. The package is hard to open one handed, so pulling out a wipe with one hand on baby is frustrating. As they are now, I won’t repurchase. Improving the actual wipe and packaging would go a long way.Changed the products and it now stinks like chlorine. And they are smaller in size and feel cheaper. Time to switch brandsThese are the only wipes I use. My daughter used to break out from all other wipes (including ones that claimed to be "sensitive" or "gentle" or "hypoallergenic"). These were the only wipes that wouldn't make her scream in pain. Once I had my second baby we just stick with these. They're also great to keep in the car to clean messes on the go or wipe little faces and hands (I would wait to use it on a baby's face until at least 6 months though because they can still be a little hah on a newborns face). I keep them in my vanity drawer to correct makeup mistakes also.A friend of mine recommended these wipes and here she was a first time mom where I'm on baby #2 so I thought that was funny because we ended up loving them when I had never heard of them before!! I used Huggies One and Done with our first and have no problem with those wipes, we still use them but I find myself using these water wipes way more. Just knowing they are 99% water and not filled with chemicals and who knows what else puts me at ease. They are thinner and seem to wipe easier and they don't irritate the baby's skin. You can also use them anywhere else, like wiping the baby's face since it's just water, where most other brands are filled with chemicals and you wouldn't want that on the baby's face. The first time I bought them they were on sale for $21 which is a killer deal, wish I had bought several more that same day. The price jumped up to $34 for awhile there which I thought was a bit much but now they are back down to $24 which is better. I wish the price would stay the same but I now know to wait for the price to drop and then buy in bulk!!Love the fact that these are cheaper than the water wipes sold on store.
I had purchased a box of these wipes twice. The first purchase I noticed the wipes were different. But used them anyways thinking that maybe it was just how this box came. Then ordered another box in the future and the wipes were the same way as the first order.
In between these purchases I bought water wipes from the store and they were not like the water wipes sold on amazon.
The texture of these wipes appeared to have a "bumpy look" where the ones purchased from the store are sleek and flat. The material of these were also different. Somewhat silky material. Not the same as the ones sold in stores.
I did use them on my baby. He did not have a reaction to these. But will not be purchasing again just in case these are fake and have inaccurate description of ingredients.These are not real water wipes!!! They hurt my baby’s sensitive skin within the first day of use. I had one rub against my elbow and it got soooo itchy. The first pack was fine, but the second one I opened caused severe redness during use! I can’t believe this is what’s being sold to parents trying to care for their baby’s super sensitive skin. I now have 11 packs I can’t even use. It’s such a waste of money, but thank you I guess because now I’ve washed them and made my own solution.My daughter has a sensitive bum so after lots of online searches as to what we can do to prevent or treat rashes, I decided to try these wipes after many recommendations. They're certainly pricier than other wipes, but I'm willing to pay more to help her not get a rash! However, these wipes are thin and the packaging is awful. You pull one out, another comes with. The opening is bad. We often have to use 3 wipes on one change. We have better luck with other well known "sensitive" brands. I've bought two cases of these, but won't buy any more.I gifted my daughter a subscription for them because sensitive skin has & remains an issue for our ENTIRE family for life so to start my Grandson off right these wipes have it all. They are so soothing, soft & most important, they are unscented. As all of the revelent boxes were checked off, I had the opportunity to use them on him during my recent visit where they live. I'm a COMPLETE 'old' school Mama & Grandmother who NEVER used wipes on my children. I was a Castile soap & towels on your baby for every event home or away from home. These generation of parents are portable @ home or away types. Well 'old' school is very impressed with this brand of water wipes. They are everything on the package & I ordered some for myself.....hey I can do that! I eat a LOT of chicken wings & ranch dressing with bar b que sauce. Yes, they are great for 'CLEANUP' at T.V. table in BEDROOM!!!😊I would give if zero starts if I could. Both my kids had the most awful diaper rash from these wipes. These wipes made their bum SO RED, RAW AND OOZY. I was wondering why both were suffering from such bad diaper dashes and these were the culprit. We’ve never had any issue with diaper rash, even with cheapest wipes.

These wipes are misleading- false advertisement picture!! These ARE NOT CHEMICAL FREE.
Look at the back of the wipes. Has a list of toxic chemicals including benzalkonium chloride just like other reviewers are commenting here. This is known strong skin irritation that FDA only allows 0.002% to be used in products for your skin.
I felt bad throwing the rest of wipes out so I decided to use them for wiping our wood floor and it made the area of the wood sticky and no longer glossy!!! Shocking!! I was using these on my babies’ skin:’(

Stay away from these wipes!We liked the simplicity of this. Knowing it’s chemical free for our newborn, along with gentle and very moist. More moist than the wholesale regular baby wipes. First time parents do sometimes splurge, and this is one of those splurges for us. Used it for weeks and never had a diaper rash (obv that’s mostly bc of the petroleum jelly we used… but this wipe itself was very gentle on the skin! L)Pros:

-Odorless

I like that there's no smell to these, so when I wipe my baby's face, I don't have to worry about him getting a weird odor shoved up his nose.

-Good packaging

When you pull one out, you only pull one out. It's not like other brands where you pull the entire wad out.

-Good absorption

When you wipe poop..or anything else..You're picking it up on the wipe and not smearing it around.

Cons...none that I can think of.

These are the wipes you're looking for.The New Biodegradable one smells like chemicals and irritates my baby's skin. We used the old formulation for 2.5 years. The new one is thin and cheap compared to what it used to be. We will have to find new wipes.I’ve used Water wipes for over 2 years and it’s evident that this new formula and material is poor quality. Both of my children developed rashes because the wipes are now so dry and brittle compared to the old version. Wish they would listen to feedback and at least offer the old version to be sold because this new version is not worth the price. Also has a chemical smell compared to the old version so not sure why they say it’s made of only water and fruit extract…Will be searching for a new brandThese do not have the plastic closing feature for travel. They only have the little tab, which sucks for reclosing and keeping from drying out.. That wouldn't be an issue for me if I was just utting the package and putting them in my wipe warmer, but the wipes are not folded into each other for easy disbursement from my warmer either. So I have to manually open the top and pull one out each time instead of pulling them thru the tab at the top. It's super annoying. The tab option is a small luxury, but makes a huge difference. I will not buy these again for those reasons.We are avid water wipe buyers and this most recent box was different. The smell is terrible and the size is smaller than it used to be. What happened to the old ones?!? Buyer bewareI hate giving these a 2 star rating because they could be the best wipes on the market, if they just fixed 2 major issues. One, the first couple dozen wipes are always a bit dry, and the last couple dozen are so wet that I have to ring them out before using them. Two, they do not come out of the package easily because they are stacked one on top of the other instead of in an accordion style. This is especially annoying because I always have to guess how many I’m going to need and pull that number out before changing my son’s diaper. When I’m wrong, and need more wipes than I’ve pulled out, I have to struggle to get more using only one hand.Water wipes rebrand with their “new look” is more than just a new look. The wipes are completely different and no longer resemble the all natural 5 star quality they used to be. I have been using water wipes since my daughter was born and have loved them. The original/old wipes I am used to were soft, held moisture really well and were always moist when taken out of the bag. 1 water wipe could do the job that would take 3-5 of another name brand wipe. Sadly, these “new look” water wipes are smaller in size than the original, a lot more dry compared to the moist originals, and have a packaging/chemical smell to them compared to no smell from original. I now find myself using more than I used to due to the change in quality. Very saddened by the change in quality to their product.Soft and wet and I love the ingredients but DANG DUDE the package rips EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. I open a pack. For a premium product I am so disappointed in the cheapo packaging. Also, the little flap never stays closed and they're always drying out and I feel like I waste half the pack. It's so frustrating because I really love the soapberry especially . Water Wipes, if you're reading this, PLEASE UPGRADE YOUR PACKAGING TO A PREMIUM PACKAGE. Perhaps a hard plastic recloseable lid.I have 4 children. These are my favorite wipes of the many I’ve tried. Water wipes contain only two ingredients (compared to 10 ingredients in the generic “sensitive” wipes). The grapefruit seed extract has a very light & pleasant scent. I love that there are no concerning chemicals and no residue. I also carry these with me to freshen up when I can’t wash my face... again, no nasty residue. I wrote the company to inquire about bulk options and customer service explained that the individual packs retain freshness since there are no preservative chemicals included.
Reasonably priced. I recommend ordering here on Amazon as they can be tricky to find in stores.I bought these with hopes they would be so gentle on my very sensitive adult skin. And for my sons very sensitive skin too. Within a few days of using these on my son and myself I noticed my bottom becoming very very itchy. And not thinking that it could be “water wipes” I kept using them. Well about a week later I ended up having to go to the dermatologist because my bottom became severely itchy 24/7 and a huge rash. I stopped using all products and the rash went away. A few weeks later I decided to use one wipe once. Within a few hours I noticed my bottom was super itchy. I bought these wipes months ago and haven’t written a review. But then I was left stranded on the potty and only had a pack of water wipes to use. I used one hoping nothing would happen but not even 12 hours later I am paying due to a very itchy allergic reaction. Hate those wipes.Their new wipes are terrible! Thin, dry and irritates my baby’s skin. They also come out in a clump and make diaper changes a pain in the butt. I don’t know why the company would change their product, but I will not be ordering these anymore.I used to LOVE the water wipes. This last box came and they are different. They have a bad scent… like there is not just water and fruit extract in these. So sadI like water wipes. They are a legitimate "less is more" product. Because there is so much less you can safely use them on a child's face, as well as for their diaper area (although not the same wipe of course!). All of the ingredients are food grade meaning if your kid licked a water wipe they'll be just fine, no need to call poison control or them getting an upset tummy.

We were using another popular brand of wipes, and our kid was starting to get an angry red rash. We then started applying diaper cream but that only kept it from getting worse, the rash still existed, and our kid seemed to find wiping uncomfortable. Since we moved over to water wipes the rash has largely cleared up (now light pink even on the worst days), and we only apply some diaper cream once or twice a week (rather than daily), but some of that is that our kid won't cry when they need a diaper change so sit in it for longer than they should.

I have read some of the reviews about Water Wipe's potential for bacterial growth if left out too long, and I think that is a legitimate concern so we're making a real effort not to have too many boxes of them open at once, and to make sure they aren't left in hot cars or similar too often. No sightings of the bacterial growth yet, but we're keeping an eye out.

We also threw some anti-bacterial wipes into the diaper bag since while Water Wipes are great for baby's butt, you still need something for parent's hands or to wipe down diaper changing stations out in public. So we wipe down surfaces with something a little more potent but save this for baby's skin.

My biggest moan about Water Wipes, is they often fail to come out individually. Instead you get two or three in a wad and have to separate them out. We did find that buying a third party wipe box (plastic tub with a spring loaded lit) helped a lot with that problem, the Water Wipe's plastic packet makes it far worse due to the small opening for removing wipes.

Well worth the extra 1c/wipe we pay over other brands.We have used water wipes for almost four years now and have enjoyed it so far. However, with this last shipment we noticed the quality of the wipes had gone down. They used to be thick and very moist. With the last shipment the wipes are thinner and seem drier. The design of the wipes seem to have changed from smooth to bumpy type. The plastic opening of each package easily rips and the sticky part to close doesn’t stay close after 2-3 openings. We never mind about the high price compared to other wipes because of quality. But it seems the quality has suffered recently.Bought these wipes for my baby a few weeks ago. I like that they are made of simple things - just water and fruit juice. My baby also has really seemed to take to them and has not a had any diaper rash since we started using them. My only complaint is that they tend to stick together in the pack so when I try to take out one I end up taking out several at once which means I end up using a lot more than I want. Other than that though they are great wipes and work really well.I LOVE these wipes because of how simple and pure they are. I used Pampers Sensitive wipes before, and I really didn't like how it felt like there was a slimy residue on my baby left by the wipes before it dried. You can tell a difference in the way water dries on a baby's bottom vs the way a regular baby wipe dries. Before I found these wipes, I actually was wondering to myself if there were any wipes out there that just used water. And these are it! Most doctors don't even recommend bathing a baby more than a couple of times a week - and when you do bathe them, you should just use a tiny bit of soap, if any at all. So I can't see why it's necessary to have any soaps or chemicals in a baby wipe - something I used many times a day, every day on the most sensitive parts of my baby's body.

I love how these wipes don't leave a residue and really do feel like I'm just wiping my baby with water. Granted you can do the same thing by wetting a washcloth each time and wiping the baby. But for most of us, that's not as convenient as actual wipes.

The only thing that bugs me about these wipes is how hard it is to get individual wipes out of the bag. The wipes aren't really attached to each other so that you pull one out and the next one is pulled up underneath it and ready for you when you want it. Instead, I have to kinda dig around trying to find the next wipe so I can pull it up. This is really annoying, especially if you need multiple wipes and don't wanna get the bag dirty with your dirty hands or when you're trying to secure a wiggly baby with one hand and trying to find and pull out a wipe with the other hand. I often need both hands - one to hold down the back and the other to dig and pull out the wipe. And sometimes when I pull a wipe out, I get a stack of a few wipes instead, which is really annoying. I don't like having to separate out the wipes and putting back ones I don't need (it's probably not sanitary to do that anyway). So if they can fix this issue, then I would give these wipes 5 stars.

Overall though, I would still recommend these wipes. They do the job, and I feel good about not putting chemicals on my baby private areas.I had gotten these before and loved them, I have extremely sensitive skin and would use after a walk or on a hot day and kept some with me as they were also great for dog paws etc. they were big, soft, and a wonderful lack of smell.
My new package is smaller far more coarse and there is a strong chemical scent to them. My skin dries out after a wipe down. I don’t know if these are now being faked or cutting corners but these are definitely not the same wipes! Look elsewhere.I like that these wipes are mainly water. I use them for my own hygiene; I do not have children, but they work great for any purpose. I have used them for a quick freshen up when in a hurry for any body part. I have an incontinent dog and have used them on him in a hurry. Highly recommend if you are environmentally conscious and especially want to keep your baby safe.I don't know what Water Wipes did, but they've ruined their product. I thought I ordered the wrong thing until I checked and realized I had ordered the original product. Smaller and flimsier and rougher. Ugh.Positively love these wipes. I will not use anything else on my kids. My oldest daughter has very sensitive, rashy skin that reacts horribly to all alcohols and fragrances. We NEVER had issues with these wipes. I also used these on my youngest daughter. These don’t burn or taste or smell bad like other wipes so can be used in the mouth, up the nose and in eyes if needed without hesitation. They don’t chap or cause any problems at all. Before using a wipe on your baby’s hiney please use it on your own first. Some are downright cruel.Before trying these, I was skeptical that a wipe made only from water and grapefruit extract could possibly be good at cleaning. I am happy to report that I was wrong and these are absolutely the best wipes I've ever used. My only regret is that it took 9 years and 3 children for me to discover them.
Anyone who has read the ingredients in most baby wipes can tell you that they are far from innocuous, so I am thrilled to have discovered water wipes - I tell all of my mom friends about them. If I had to nitpick, I'd say that the wipes could be a little bit larger and easier to remove in an "emergency situation," as they tend to remain folded up and are difficult to remove individually.I was really excited when I found these wipes. Finally some simple, water only wet wipes in an easy dispense package!

Not so fast. The wipes in the package are not interleaved, so pulling one out does not load the next. You have to dig around in the package to get the next wipe. And the wipes come out still folded in quarters (they would unfold if they were interleaved), and I do not know how to unfold a soaking wet piece of tissue paper with only one hand. Frequently when I finally do manage to get hold of the next wipe, a stack of three or four swipes come out in a bunch. None of this is something that you want to have to be doing while wrangling a screaming, squirmy, poo covered infant.

We are using a wipe warmer, which really does seem to cut down on the baby's complaints. Taking wipes out and unfolding them "in advance" rather defeats the purpose. I have yet to find a simple dry, or water only wipe, that we can use with the wipe warmer.I love water wipes but the big packs that I have gotten three times off amazon have all been dry. like really dry as soon as you open them. Not sure if its the location that they store them in or what but its almost unusable.OK first off I got these to start with as a gift, then purchased a box (which was a mistake). SO I got them because they are a little more natural so to speak then regular wipes, but they are so wet that they leak everywhere and make mess. The other huge complaint I have is that they don't pull out of the thing well. Like when you pull one it doesn't feed the next wipe up (which is really important when your holding legs of a baby and trying to clean said kid up and can't get another wipe without two hands...... complete fail!These wipes are great for sensitive babies and toddlers alike. They don't give them diaper rashes and for toddlers who are on the toilet (although not flushable) they allow for a deep cleaning wipe versus the normal wipe due to the amount of liquid water is within these wipes. We love them! They work well and are safe for our babies. It's a product we would highly recommend to other parents.This review is based on comparing Water Wipes to Huggies, CVS brand, Up & Up and Seventh Generation.

I use a wipes warmer, and these seem to be the only ones that don't dry out once you reach the last 10 or so. I also like them in comparison to the other brands listed above because they're not soapy, and truly don't have a fragrance. Because they're mainly water I feel safe using it on my son's face or nose when needed, and he doesn't mind when I do.

The only "downer" I could see with these is that they don't stick to each other like other wipes, so when you pull one, the other stays in the package. However, I don't find that to be an issue because all the other wipes brands that are designed to pull another wipe up through the box end up clumping together very easily.I first bought these wipes in store and needed more so decided to order through amazon. I was a little worried because of some of the reviews saying they’re fake or different quality. I have only been using these for a short while but the wipes I received from amazon are the same quality and ingredients as the ones I purchased in a store. The packaging of these wipes does kind of suck because the sticky flap doesn’t really stay shut but I bought a wipe holder to fix that. These are the only wipes my baby hasn’t had a reaction to so I will continue to repurchase!I was desperate two years ago when my son had THE WORST diaper rash from using Pampers wipes. I had to concoct a home remedy to help his bum because diaper rash cream didn’t work. I did some research on water wipes and fell in love with these. I haven’t had that type of rash ever since and I’m so thankful. I now have a newborn and have continued to subscribe to these wipes. Yes, they are on the pricey side..but I’ll spend the extra pennies so that my boys won’t have to suffer.

The only negative is that the wipes don’t separate easily. I have gotten so frustrated with them where I’ve accidentally flung packs across the room because the wipes stuck together. ...but small apples compared to the bigger picture. LolI love the idea behind these but the packaging is terrible. The adhesive tape does not stick back easily and without any preservatives in the wipes it opens the entire case to easily be exposed and contaminated with bacteria. We were transferring these wipes into another diaper wipe container but if you read the small print on the package it says NOT to do this as it too opens the wipes up to bacteria + contamination. They should really think about making the packing more user friendly with an open to easily open and close it. We have wasted probably over 4 packs of these wipes because the sticker gets wet and ruined and will not close.Truly the best. My baby has very sensitive skin, and these are the only wipes he does well with. Because it’s 99.9% water and a drop of fruit extract, I feel safe to use it even on his face. From newborn to ~2.5 months of age, my baby had wet farts that required constant wiping and washing. These were very wet wipes, so it helped the gentleness factor. Only gripe I have about this is that the sheets kind of stick together sometimes. I don’t have much of a problem with this, but my husband will sometimes grab a few at a time accidentally, which I think is a rather wasteful. The price is worth it for my baby!I’ve had four kids and I love these wipes the most out of all the different types of brands. My kids all have sensitive skin and I love these wipes because they don’t break down or irritate their skin. I put a ponytail holder around one end so that when I’m pulling them out only one comes out at a time but usually it’s not an issue either way, just a hack I learned from TikTok.Pros:
- Good simple product and ingredients
- Not worried about them drying out / expiring / etc -- go through them too fast to have that as a worry currently.
- Shouldn't cause any reaction to baby unless they are allergic to water or grapefruit seed ...

Cons:
- price
- They don't dispense easily 1 by 1 - especially if you try to use a 3rd party wipe warmer container or some other container (Munchkin Wipe Warmer). Haven't tried in a dispenser like the Oxo Tots Wipe Dispenser yet (not heated) -- hopefully it dispenses better in that.
- Did I mention the price *grin*.

Overall:
I'd buy a 3rd party item if I found the same ingredients at a cheaper price without thinking twice. Yet to find any one else keeping it this simple. Until then I guess we'll keep buy these. It's worth it if baby doesn't get a rash. We get to sleep more and baby gets to be comfortable.We love these wipes which were recommended to us as our baby has a sensitive skin and we didn't want any chemicals close or on his skin anyway. These are nicely wet, are of good size. We store them up side down so that the top ones are moist same as the bottom ones. Given how many we go through, it can get pricey so we also use Bets & Emy wipes as well for the #2 clean up first and then we finish with these. Bets and Emy's is the only other brand we found we could trust.We are a "semi-crunchy" family, so we try to not use chemicals, especially on our skin. My babies' skins are very sensitive. I love that these wipes do not have any additives, and do not affect their skin. Overall, these are by far my favorite wipes. I also like that you can buy in bulk so they are always on-hand. The only frustrating part is when you try to pull just one, sometimes they do not come out smoothly and you get multiple, but the fact that they are healthy and clean for my babes makes it not a deal-breaker for us.I loved these wipes when I purchased them for my newborn in April. They're on the expensive side so I used them mostly just for poop cleanup or when she would get a slight diaper rash. They were the perfect texture and wet enough to get the job done and dry quickly unlike my Pampers sensitive wipes that seemed to leave a greasy texture. Unfortunately they've changed. Not only was my last order missing a package but the wipes are different!? The packaging seems smaller and the wipes were much dryer! Not impressed for almost $40! I feel like because the wipes are dryer, they are more abrasive. Why do you have to screw up a good thing? Who cares about bulky packaging. What matters is that the wipe maintains its high quality. I'm not sure what I'm going to do now. Huge disappointment!I like everything about Water Wipes.
My fault for not recognizing they were so 'pure they are NOT FLUSHABLE.
Package is plastic.

I was looking for flushable wipes when this came up. I was so taken by the wipes purity I lost sight of flushability. Amazon FAILS redirection of search parameters.

I received my order on time as described.Product is good, but it's very hard to extract only 1 wipe from the package. They always come by 3 or 4 , which is pretty unpleasant. they are also hard to get with bigger fingers.

I am not sure what fragrance they used, i don't smell anything !

keep in mind that those wipes won't kill any bacterias : they are just chemical free and won't harm baby's skin.

overall, i won't get more after i'm done using the ones i have.Terrible new formula! We have used the original wipes for 2 years and never had any issues. The quality was great and very pure. The new product is far less! Not soft, a rough wipe, smaller and smells toxic! Extremely disappointed and will now have to find a new product.Getting a great deal on these on my subscribe and save, and will never look back. They are amazing for personal wipes for women as well, as they are one of the only wipes that don't contain glycerin (that can cause pH imbalances). Great for babies skin as well! It has a very MILD clean scent as well. Only partial complaint is at the bottom of the pack the wipes are quite wet, but even that is a "nit pick". Wipes are very soft!I love using these for all of my babies. For awhile, we used cloth wipes but there came a point where I no longer had time for that.

It was difficult to find an unscented wipe so I am happy to report that these are unscented! Added fragrance/perfume/parfum is not an ingredient I wanted on or near my family, so I was happy to find these wipes.They are much smaller, less water, the material of the wipe is way too harsh!!!!I use wipes every single day, as have both of my children. One day I was listening to Howard Stern and he was explaining why he doesn’t use typical baby wipes because you’re essentially inserting tons of chemicals and perfumes (or even without perfumes, chemicals for sure) into your rectum daily. This made complete sense and can’t be good for you in any way, so these wipes do everything wipes are supposed to do without shoving dangerous chemicals into your or your families’ anus and risking problems in the futureMy sister-in-law introduced us to these wipes. We try to use as much non-chemical stuff as possible, and I love that these have only a little bit of fruit concentrate in them. Other than that, just plain old water. Sure, it's a bit difficult to get them out of the pack sometimes, but the trade-off of not smearing chemicals all over our kids' bums is worth it. When I think about how people use wipes for EVERYTHING -- hands, nose, mouth/face -- it drives me crazy that other wipes have tons of crap in them that I'd never want near my baby's face.

These are the winner, for sure! I'll probably even keep them on hand once the kids are out of diapers because they can be used on the go for cleanups, etc.No scent. Strong. I can't rip them in 2. Wetter then I'd like. I squeeze the water out over the trash can before using. I use for myself not an infant. Sometimes especially if I don't squeeze out the liquid, I get irritated skin. It doesn't shed or leave pieces of itself behind like 7th Generation does. That is why I switched. They cost more but they are worth it.While these water wipes caused no rashes of discomfort for our baby (apart from the cold temperature that shouldn’t count against the product), there are few issues in the product itself that renders it uneasy to use:
1) The dispensing hole has an adhesive flap that isn’t sturdy. It is very hard to use if one hand is occupied with holding or cleaning the baby.
2) while pulling out the wipes , the box did not dispense 1 wipe at a time. There were 2 and sometimes 3 wipes that came out and it was hard to put the wipes back in for reuse. Using two hands would increase the risk of contamination and you would be forced to use more wipes than needed.
3) upon pulling some wipes the topmost wipe in the box would form a cone protruding outside the box. This is where the flimsy flap was ineffective in pushing the wipes back in the box.
In short while this product may be cheap it has been built to dispense more wipes than you require. It can’t be used by 1 hand. Instead I would recommend the Huggies natural care wipes with EZ pull dispensing flap.These are great for wiping baby face and hands, but they do not function well as diaper changing wipes because: 1. They are too small in width, you need 2 to do the job of 1 regular wipe; and 2. They don’t warm up in my wipes warmer and they don’t come up through the whole, so I have to keep the warmer open to pull them out one by one! It drives me crazy! ( I’ve used at least 3 other brands of wipes in this warmer and never had these problems with any of those.)Best wipes on the market. They are a bit more narrow than I would like. I prefer the width of pampers pure wipes. But the wetness and life of these wipes is the best. If you are a less wet wipe person these may not be for you. But I love it! I always feel like my baby is cleaner. These are especially nice when you’re trying to wipe baby’s face and don’t have access to a cloth and water. I will buy these forever.I love these wipes for the softness, no unnecessary “ingredients” and they’re unsecured. My biggest gripe though is that these wipes often always feel dry even if it’s a fresh opened pack. They’re not as soft when they’re dry like this so I took off a star🤷‍♀️. Every pack is like this and my baby is 8 months old now so I don’t think it was a “bad batch”. It’s also hard to grab just 1 wipe as the flap is hard to grab the way the top opening is designed and wipes are not interlocked like huggies or other brands(so these wipes won’t be able to pull through a wipe warmer if you were getting them for a wipe warmer).I've been using Water Wipes for my babe that has super sensitive skin. They were the only kind that she didn't break out and get rashes from. The new wipes are smaller, drier and smell like chemicals. The package smells like straight chlorine. My babe has also started to break out from these new wipes. It looks like I'm going to have to switch to a different kind and hope they work with her skin. Please bring back the old Water Wipes.We've exclusively used WaterWipes for our daughter. I wish these were around/I had known about them when we had our boys. I feel good about using clean products on her bum - and let's be honest, her sticky hands, and lunch-laden face - and yet have the convenience of having an extra package on hand and not having to make my own wipes, which I've also done. The only down side is the packaging. I really don't like the sicker close on these packages. So, while it says not to removed them from the package, I do. I use them in the OXO wipes container for at home; and for the diaper bag I put them in a wristlet type reusable wipe pouch with a snap open/close from another diaper/wipe brand. We haven't had any problems with them drying out or anything. The only reason I can see to keep them in the original package is for their own advertising purposes. Get these! You'll feel good knowing you can wipe away dirt without leaving chemicals instead.LAST I CHECKED 99.9 (WATER) + .1 (FRUIT EXTRACT)= 100%... BUT WAIT... THERES MORE...These used to be all natural without Chloride. For whatever reason they now have chloride in them. I have ulcerative colitis and do not want chemicals anywhere close to my microbiome. I threw away my brand new order, Thankfully Amazon is a great company and refunded me, but I hope people will stop buying these due to false advertising.These come off as a little steep, but amidst the Covid-19 fiasco, I gave in and purchased what i.could since the local stores were getting wiped out, along with most of Amazon. I wanted to make sure we had what we needed for my toddler. I bit the bullet and purchased these wipes and I SWEAR to you, these are by far the BEST wipes I've EVER came across! They stay very moist, are extremely soft and this box actually lasted for quite longer than I expected. If your child has allergies of any kind or you don't like the idea of chemicals, THESE are your wipes!I’ve ordered this case on Amazon multiple times before. This last box is the worst and isn’t the real water wipes. All packs I got have a chemically smell. Are extremely thin and somewhat dry. I threw out the box otherwise I’d return them to Amazon. The packaging states it changed but the product is the same which I don’t agree with. Horrible product on Amazon.Recently a sweet baby boy came into my life and I've decided that he deserves the best (chemical free) even when it comes down to wiping poop. WaterWipes are as close as it gets to giving your baby a bath without actually giving him/her a bath. Wipes are super saturated and are durable, which is a plus because wipes are not very large in size. But what they lack in size, they make up on toughness: no mess is too big for this wipe, even if things got a little dry, and sticky. The only downfall is that wipes don't release very well from one another in the dispenser. I use a wiper warmer and because of how saturated these wipes are with water, I don't have to worry about them drying out. However, they stick to one another because they are very saturated...which means that you need to give a minute or two for baby bottom to dry.
Love these wipes!These wipes are fine for weight, scent and wetness/cleaning power but when you pull one of them out (which is actually difficult to find a seam to pull out!) then another one does NOT come out like a tissue box or like regular baby wipes! So I have to take a big wad of the wipes out, unfold them and put them into a small pile in my wipes box ready for the next diaper change. :( Really annoying!!!They’re great, just wouldn’t call myself a die hard fan. Started with pampers wipes for sensitive skin but was still having some issues so tried these. They’re great if baby is sensitive and rashes easily. Just in terms of the wipes size they’re quite small. However, I am used to pampers size so if it’s what you start with you should be fine!Love that these are natural/chemical free. (My box and packages of wipes are actually water and fruit extract like advertised.)

My main and really only issue is that these wipes aren’t stacked where if you pull one the next one will tail out too. It’s ridiculously inconvenient.
My son LOATHES diaper changes and trying to soothe him while changing his diaper is difficult enough. It’d be great if I didn’t have to search and dig for the next wipe because who ever uses just one wipe per diaper change. Also these are absolutely terrible in my wipe warmer for that same stacking reason which would help make changes better (a warm wipe) but no luck with it only being one or two packages in the box. It’s been every package so far.Before I use the product, I was so sure I would love it. It is great, nothing harmful for my baby's brand new skin. However, I am having hard time to use the tissue. I don't know how to describe. It feels like a synthetic material, doesn't slide on the skin. I want it to be slide on skin easily so diaper change will be quick. Just because this I will not be buying it again. I will purchase other brands free and clear no scent product. If they change the tissue material, I will reconsider purchasing.I like the lack of chemicals, so I don't feel bad wiping it on my baby's skin and especially to clean his face, but it seems like a hefty price tag just for the wipes with some water on them. The packaging could use some work. You're not allows to transfer them into any other container, because they don't have any antibacterials, but the lid is just a sticker that easily peels all the way off - then you have no lid. Since they're just water, they evaporate pretty quickly without a lid. So, IMHO, if they dry out easily and can't be transferred, they should put up for a better closure, like you see in the Dove baby wipes (something that snaps shut and seals them up - easier to open and close one handed, too). Might be better off with a stack of clean soft towels and a bottle of clean water.Tired of stinky wipes? Get water wipes! I’m so glad a saw a video on YouTube a while ago where another mama recommended these. They are the best. I can find them locally in stores, but buying in bulk on Amazon is a better deal, and I know I’ll use them. Simplicity at its best.These wipes are great! Perfect size, not too big or too small. Very soft. Perfect amount of wetness. Most importantly, they are the most purest wipes that I have found. No scent. Just perfect. The only thing I wish would be different is the packaging- I wish ever package had a plastic easy to open lid instead of just the plastic film which doesn't always stick back in place when closing (unless you use a wipe warmer, then these would work by just removing the top film).Used these since my daughter was born and never had any rash. She is 2 1/2 and my monthly subscription was Delivered on March 29th. I noticed the packaging was different and the wipes felt different and now she has a rash from it. Discontinued my subscription and will be looking for the old packaged water wipes elsewhere.We've been using these wipes for our son since he was about 3 months old; he is now about 8.5 months. We love that they don't have all the chemicals in them like other wipes. After deciding to switch brands (we used Huggies Natural Care before, and didn't necessarily have a bad experience with those either, but wanted to go with a more natural wipe anyway), I did a ton of research and considered using the dry wipes (similar to what the hospitals use) and just wetting them with water. We also considered and tried travel size versions of other brands like Honest Co before finally just settling on WaterWipes. Being a mom of the 21st century, I still need my convenience items, so I didn't feel like wetting dry wipes was practical for me in the long term. I also didn't like the thick and dry feel of the Honest Co wipes. So, WaterWipes it is for us! We've been happy with our decision, and haven't had any issues with it. When we are on the go, we usually just use sample packs of Pampers/Huggies, or travel packs of Honest Co wipes for convenience. I don't like the idea of taking a small stack of WaterWipes with us and letting it sit in the hot car as I think that would be a better breading ground for mold. Luckily, after using 1000+ wipes to date, we haven't encountered any mold *knock on wood* The wipes at the bottom of the pack do tend to stay more wet as the water just trickles downward. I would suggest flipping over the pack of wipes every so often so that the water can evenly distribute. However, I would be careful to seal the package well as to not cause leaks! Maybe if you don't mind the slight inconvenience, store them in a ziplock at home to prevent leaks when you flip the pack upside down. All in all, we'll continue to buy more of these wipes. We typically wait until we find them on sale here on Amazon and then stock up on another box of 720 wipes.I love these wipes so much I have been using them since discovering them 3 years ago with my second child. I am now at my 3rd baby and still using the wipes. She has no rashes ever because of the wipes. I've tried everything before including Pampers sensitive and they all caused a rash even just from one wipe when we were outside our home. At home we were just using water and cotton balls as much as possible to avoid rashes. With the third baby I've been using these water wipes exclusively and I haven't had a rash yet which is amazing! I am also keeping these wipes in the car for my older kids for sticky fingers and dirty faces after meals. I keep the wipes all over the house, I can't stand dirty kids. Mine look clean all the time. I can't praise these wipes enough. Will keep them with me until they all grow up. They are very handy.Great for sensitive skin, but also peace of mind that there’s not a lot of chemicals in the wipes. We switched from big brand wipes to this one after our son kept getting diaper rashes. We got tired of using diaper cream too! So we switched over; it costs a bit more but we would definitely recommend.

We subscribed to have this item delivered every two months so that’s about 15% saving!

There’s hardly a noticeable smell. The wipes are a bit more wet than others but that hasn’t been a problem for us. Size wise we use about two wipes per change. The wipes do cling together and a bit hard to get out of the package, but that hasn’t been an issue for us. It’s also great to throw into your diaper bag. We use it to wipe our son’s face and neck after feedings because we know it’s safe for his skin.I purchased these for my newborn power ranger... At least that's what he becomes at changing time. He's as active as the windmill at a put-put coarse so what I don't need to be doing is fighting my cleaning wipes.

I haven't had an issue with rash so in that regard these are great, even on the smiling end. However you do have to use tweezer fingers to get these out of the plastic wrap. If your lucky, you'll only get one vice two or three. In the middle of the night this is not what I need. You almost have to prep the workstation before you open the diaper with these. They aren't woven together in the pack to self feed out either. This again is another con in a messy situation.

So, they would,t break you little love out in a rash but product design needs work.A+ for not being filled with toxic chemicals I can't even pronounce. After I researched the popular bulk brand we were using this came up as one of the most trusted products to use. I was hesitant at first bc soft packs usually have closures that just rip open, dry out quicker and all around fail BUT A++ on the sticky hard closure these have. My toddler has yet to rip one off. And less plastic tops makes me feel better green-wose too. AND they have a great amount of moisture in them to get the job done smoothly.
My only suggestion/wish is that they were easier to pull out. They don't all come out accordion style, which I'll admit can sometimes be a pain as well when you only need one, but in a rushed situation for bigger *messes* not that awesome. SO I just try to guesstimate how many I'll need in advance and get them ready to rock before diaper changes. Ez "solution".Not much of a scent it's scent free which is fine it's cloth like but not cheap quality cleans very well no irritation as compared to leading wipes like Huggies or Pampers due to it having no chemicals, wipes weren't dry like at all they were very noisy and helpful and getting the job done! My kids poops alot and they cleaned the mess well! No complaints and it's my first purchase and first time hearing about these im glad I did buyThese are the best on the market I've found. They aren't full of nasty chemicals, just water and grapefruit seed extract. The company is also working on making them even more eco-friendly in the future, so they will be compostable at some point in the future. I think that will make them ideal. I try to be conscious of the environment in my consumer choices. While using something that is thrown away is not ideal, in the circumstance that I need a product that is a consumable, I use these.These really are much wetter than other wipes. I have 6 kids and just made the switch. I’ve been hesitant because of the price, but I like that they behave so few ingredients. I’ve used sensitive skin wipes from other brands for a long time, but even those would hurt baby’s bottom if there was any diaper rash. These seem to clean well without irritation. Don’t notice any scent which is good. Wish they were less expensive. I mean, it is 99.9% water.I thought these wipes were going to be like, phenomenal and amazing due to the price, and all the good things i hear. But sadly i will have to admit that as a mother of a 16 month old, i am not impressed. These wipes are hard to pull apart so you pull 4-5 out at a time unless you’re careful but when you need a wipe during a change, you NEED one and i dont have time to sit there and pull them apart. They are way too wet. Like dripping. And they leave tiny little white.. things on my sons business. 0/5 stars.The packaging of the water wipes is the worst product I have ever seen, the whole packaging design team needs to be replaced. There are some reasons that I do not like it, first, it is the seal: the seal is just a piece of plastic, it is hard to open with one hand and it is super difficult to put it back in the right position. Second, the noise sound it makes for every time to open it, it wakes up my baby every time because of the noise sound the packaging makes. The opening is so small, the tissue is hard to get out of the opening, it ends getting multiple of them at one time that I could not use. Such a waste. Third, it is still the seal, I put it into my diaper bag one time, the diapers next to it are soaked with the leaked water from the super poor engineered opening seals. I bought a box of water wipes, after using one pack, I want to discard the whole box. Such a waste of money.Amazing! Durant dry out. I put it face down. Great for sensitive skin. My package came with experation date for yo to 7 months, I got the big 12 pack box. 60 in each. Contacted Amazon and I got a new box sent to me experation till 15 months and I really appreciated that. I use it not just for the purpose intended. I wipe the kids hands and faces, remove my makeup, clean inside my shoes and handbags, makeup bags, to clean my dogs paws and butt. Many many uses. I highly recommend. I also contacted the company about packing, there is no baby picture on individual wipe packs and they did add an ingredient ( forgot what it's called) besides the water and fruit extract to keep it lasting long. Non harmful. I have not seen any mold like some reviewers have mentioned and it is authentic water wipes just packaging changed.Smells toxic and is much smaller. This is either a fake product or quality declined.We have a family history of allergies so after a research I opted to using these for my newborn. No issue at all! This is the brand I will stick to. The only reason I give it 4 stars, and I find it quite annoying, is the ends of each wipe are stuck. Thus, I have to unfold Athe wipes one by one. You can imagine how uncomfortable it is when you are in a hurry to clean the baby in order to avoid huge mess.I expected to love these! I love the idea of a product that has no weird ingredients for my baby. But honestly...I don’t love them. The wipes are small which isn’t terrible, but I don’t feel like they actually “wipe” anything. Maybe it’s the lack of texture but I have to use a zillion of these things to clean a dirty tush. I also hate that it says not to use them in a reusable wipes container because that’s what we use and unsticking a wipe pack is particularly annoying with a squirmy baby. And the wipes don’t pull out well on top of that, so frustrating! These have graduated to the dining room for cleaning dirty little hands and they are great for that, but I probably won’t be buying more. Not an ad for Honest Co., but I do like their wipes better.We switched to these after our baby for a diaper rash. We love that they’re more natural and it hasn’t irritated our baby’s skin. As other reviews note, they are not attached to each other, making it difficult to use with a diaper dispenser, but the trade off is well worth it to us.Ok so I have used amazon sensitive wipes for about 3 years but then something happened and they stopped arriving on time. So I had to try these as an alternative. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THEM! They are slightly thin but thats okay and they are great for my sensitive skin.As a first time mom, seeing even an extremely mild diaper rash sends you into a panic. Everything we used, even brands that claimed to be pure, ended up giving my baby a rash. I saw people raving about these so I gave them a shot and we have never turned back! I don’t mind the price because it leaves my baby rash free, so it’s worth it. They stay wet, even when my husband forgets to seal the package for a few hours. The only thing I would like is if they were netted together but it’s really not a big deal.So glad that a friend recommended these to me! They are great for sensitive skin. Baby had a yeast diaper rash for a week while I battled with thrush, and the grapefruit seed extract was something that was recommended to aid in recovery. Knocking off one star on a great product because the packaging stinks. Inevitably it rips and I have to store it in a ziplock bag the rest of the time.Ive been getting water wipes for 4 years. These new ones aren't the same size or material and they have a smell.Pro: these are multipurpose wipes (face, privates, I even use on my pet), gentle, soft, good for price, feel clean
Con: thin & flimsy for a private parts wipe, difficult to pull each wipe out of plastic wrapping as they aren't continuous like tissues (you pull one out, another follows ready to go)
Overall: I like them as they dont rip like other eco friendly brands, but I might try a different brand before I bought these again. Still a bargain buy.I started using these when my son was born and I will never use another wipe. Basically just water, so not only can I use it for diaper changes but also for just about anything else. I’ve used these to wipe off food from clothes (without worrying the wipe residue will stain also), cleaned up spills in the car, etc. the wipes are durable. Taking off a star (but really should just be half a star) since the wipes don’t easily come out of the packaging.Love these for use during my permanent makeup procedures. I like that they are simple ingredients and not harsh on the skin which is very important during my work. They keep well too, I had purchased a larger quantity the last time so I had some unopened packs stored (inside and fairly temp controlled) but they stayed fresh and were just as great when I did finally use them all.I like they are scent free, they were the only wipes that were scent free I could buy at the time due to insentive adults buying out all the baby wipes because they didnt have toilet paper. Anyway. I saw the "fake" reviews so o went to the water wipe official website and their website states they include trace amounts of that chemical. They were harder than others to get out of the package and I saw one wipe with a questionable spot that could have been mold.I love these wipes. They don’t seem to be available in most retail stores which is a bummer because I think more people would buy/benefit from them. My boy is ten months and never had diaper rash. I’m not saying they are solely responsible but they certainly must be a factor. Nothing synthetic, just water and grapefruit extract. Not only does the simplicity of ingredients make them worry free, they are also more effective than traditional wipes filled with frangrande and softeners. We had to buy another brand once when we were in a bind and I never finished the pack because they didn’t wipe as effectively as these due to all the softeners in them. I’ve bought these since he was born and recommend them to everyone!Purchased these because I’ve heard amazing things about Waterwipes. I definitely will say that I appreciate the ingredients & how they have no odor! Worked well with my baby, never irritated her skin. Only downfall I would say is the texture. They feel thin compared to the Cloud 9 wipes which I absolutely love! Give them a 4/5 just because I liked them but will not be purchasing again. Didn’t meet all my needs texture wise!For the first couple months we were using these. We thought what could be better than just using plain water to clean our infant? Well we ran out and we had a trial pack of pampers wipes in our hospital bag. Let me tell you, there is a big difference. In order from worst to best we have found Parents Choice from Walmart to be the worst (they’re really bad), these water wipes, then Huggies (only because of their lack of a decent closure, gets dry), then Pampers.The quality has gone down hill. They have reduced the size significantly and quality is horrible. So disappointing.We have used these wipes on and off for the past 3 years. I appreciate there are essentially no additional ingredients aside from water. Both of our kiddos have sensitive skin and we have never had any overt skin irritation from using these wipes. The challenge is that the wipes are somewhat flimsy and often require me to use more than 2 or 3 wipes to fully clean up a bigger mess. I do wish they were more durable and more competitive in pricing as we go through the package rather quickly.I am very happy with this product and have ordered it twice now. If you have sensitivity it is perfect I love the quality and size I will continue to buy this product.Other wipes were leaving my baby's bottom red and chapped. Within a day of switching to these there was a noticeable improvement! I wish they were packaged interwoven, though.I absolutely love these.
I hate how they’re a tad bit more expensive even though they’re “99% water” but overall, I’m happy with them.
Only issue I have is the packaging. I have to pull out the wipes beforehand or I’ll be stuck pulling them out all at once because the packaging doesn’t make it easy to pull them out.
Fix the packaging, please :)These are perfectly gentle, do not trigger any rash like the main competitor wipes. I love that they are save on gentle skin. If I could change one thing it would be how the wipes are folded together for packaging. Sometimes one wipe comes out, sometimes four come out of the package. It is a little frustrating when you only have one hand to work with, need one wipe, and up to four come out when you try to get just one. I have a subscription because they are the best I've found safe for gentle skin.These wipes stick to everything and fail to wipe, the first thing they come in contact with (usually your hand) is what it becomes stuck on and makes it impossible to wipe my child's butt. You're better off going with the Pampers wipes. This is OVERPRICED and didn't even do the job. Impossible to wipe with one hand, you need to unfold each wipe using 2 hands so if you're ever in a pinch (which is common for a parent) you will not be able to use these wipes....might as well throw your child in the ocean to wash them off (Don't actually do this).DO NOT BUY THESE WIPES. I rarely write reviews but felt the need to let other parents know. I thought that I was getting wipes that contained mostly water but these have chemicals in them. Someone else wrote a review on how these are the fake water wipes. I should’ve read the reviews more closely before buying. Our poor baby had a severe rash after using these. It is very concerning that they are selling these wipes. Stay away before it happens to your baby.They came from the best wipes do the worst one. They probably changed to be cheaper to them to probably but they didn’t lower the price. Not going to buy them anymore, unfortunately!I am a big fun of these wipes, but for some reason the current batch smells different. It is maybe me, but I prefer the previous smell (which had pretty much no smell)The one thing that I do not like about these wipes is that they aren’t folded inside one another. So when you pull up a wipe, the next one doesn’t come up. And they aren’t easy to fold where you pull on the next one. Maybe it doesn’t matter to some people, but when you have a real mess and just need to grab a wipe, but you can’t, it’s pretty annoying. You can pull it up still all folded, but obviously you want to unfold it to use the whole wipe, and who wants to have to do that in the middle of a mess.I had a sample of this product and loved them. I decided to order these since we loved the sample so much. What a huge mistake! Don’t know what is different between these and our sample that we had, but these just caused the nastiest diaper rash on my 1 month old. We will not be using these in the future.These wipes were purchased for a newborn and they're great. I used them to remove makeup and they didn't irritate my skin, so I felt comfortable using them on an infant. The wipes are very soft and larger than expected. They do not rip and work well in a wet wipes warmer. Also, the price is great, and, because they are efficient, there is no need to use too many.Absolutely love it! It is my first go to choice for baby wipes. My sister who lives and works in UK first introduced it to me when I first had my first child as she said it's the best wipes. She uses them at school where she is teaching. It's so mild and natural with >99% made of water. But you do need to be careful with contamination like other reviewers have pointed out since it's so natural. It is suggested you use them all within 7 days after opening. Use save and subscribe if you are amazon prime member and it saves you a lot over time. My 2 and 4 year olds have never had any diaper rashes or skin irritation with this wipes, compare to other typical brands like pampers and huggies or even babyganics that I used occasionally when my WaterWipes is out. My only go to wipes for my loved one. hope you'd do the same. thank you for such wonderful products!I've been using this product since my baby was born 7 months ago, nevertheless, this time the wipes came with alcohol!!!! It smells like alcohol, but I still used it (I thought that maybe was the package or something). Days before, my baby had a rash and we had to go to the pediatrician, who confirmed that those wipes had alcohol (because the smell). Maybe it is not the original product. Maybe manufacturer changed the product but not the package. I already bought 2 extra boxes, I hope will be as the original ones!We used these from the first day that we brought our daughter home from the hospital and haven’t looked back since. It is a bit annoying to get the wipes out but knowing that it’s one of the safest wipe to use keeps us getting more. We found that it is a lot more watery compared to other wipes which we prefer anyways.These are alright.....

We bought these to eliminate any chemicals with wiping our little boys bottom. We also bought them to fill our wipe warmer. That was one of the biggest issues. They are a little smaller than most other wipes, and for some reason, they really didnt seem very "moist" or wet. Most of the times they were hardly wet at all. Which does not really help clean up the mess. Ill give a quick rundown:

Pros:
No smell
No harsh chemicals
Seem to wipe pretty well, without use of chemicals
Rather durable

Cons:
Not very moist
Smaller than other wipes
DO NOT work in a wipe warmer with dispenser.

We have a wipe warmer. Its great for night time when you dont want to startle the baby and wake him. But these wipes did not work at all in the warmer. These wipes are just stacked on each other in the pack. Not interwoven. So, when you pull one out through the dispenser, the next one is still inside. It does not get "pulled" up by the previous wipe. So, we would have to open the warmer every time to get another wipe. Not very convenient.

So, we have stopped using these wipes out of convenience with the warmer, and the fact that they are too small and not very wet.I like them because they are one of the most natural wipes, and they do stay wet pretty well!! The packs are pretty small, and I totally get that, because they are natural, and it’s to be expected they would get dry or gross maybe, if the packages were bigger. My complaint is that the wipes themselves are small, for one, and they are, for lack of a better word, slippery. By that, I mean that if they added texture to the wipe, it should be easier to clean poo off, but these kind of slide over, and it takes a lot of wiping, scrubbing almost, to get my daughter clean. I was using Honest wipes, which are huge and textured, so that’s awesome, but they smell terrible! I’m not looking for a fragrance, on the contrary, but they just had a bad smell, which makes me uncomfortable about what’s in them.I love these wipes. When I first got pregnant I became more and more aware of the chemicals that I was exposing my body to daily. I made a lot of changes based on that. I switched to all natural cleaning supplies, ate all organic food and pasture raised meats and dairy, changed my lotions and makeup to natural products and then started investigating baby products too. I was shocked to find how almost all baby products (wipes, diapers, mattresses, even clothes) are full of harmful chemicals that act as hormone blockers and wreak havoc on sensitive/developing neurological systems. I was not happy with the list of ingredients in wipes until I found water wipes. Only two ingredients - water and essential oil. I've been using them since my son was born over two years ago and am now pregnant again. I will continue to use them on my second child too. They're soft and I feel good about what I am putting on my children's skin. The only thing that would make them better is if the wipe itself was made of biodegradable organic material. I highly recommend these to all green minded mamas!The real pro to these wipes is the wetness. They are really wet usually. I like them for dirty diapers. The wetness in my openion helps clean better and the wipes glide nicer across my daughters skin. She tends to get raw skin from rough wipes and these are not as rough as most. If you like a dry grippy wipe this is not it. Howe er with that being said they do clean really well. But you may need to have a rag near by to dry that baby bum before you apply salve or a fresh diaper.Great wipes. When our baby was just 5 days old he started getting a diaper rash already and we switched to these wipes that day and now at 2 months he hasn't had it since! We love that it is natural. It says a bag only lasts 4 weeks but we go through them way before then so that isn't an issue, we weren't planning on using a warmer so that didn't bother us either. The packaging is a little loud when rustling it in the middle of the night for a diaper change, the wipes are a little hard to get out compared to the other brands hard plastic reusable containers and the flap doesn't always close well but I have emailed the manufacturer about my concerns and they said they are looking into better closures so we are looking forward to that!Never again. I know it's a first world problem but not a single one of these would separate from the other without needing to use 2 hands and focusing. Which when you are up to your elbows in mobile toddler poop... Is a problem. You ever try changing the diaper of a pissed off cat? Then the wipes don't work... So you have to let the cat go while you try and pry them apart and it proceeds to murder you for putting a diaper on it? That's been my day through all of these.These have been our favorite baby wipes for the last 2 years for our 2 kids. They maintain their wetness and make poopy diapers a breeze to change compared to the Huggies Natural wipes. The only thing we hate is the price. Being a single income household makes these a monthly splurge item considering other wipes are a third of the price cheaper. We try to stock up when we see them on sale.I have skin which reacts badly to products containing many common chemicals so I am careful what I use. WaterWipes are wonderful and have a fresh feel on my skin. I immediately could tell difference from other products with fragrance.. As a responsible user of wipes I discard the used ones into a sealed (Simple Human) waste container and don't try to flush any paper products which could clog city sewer systems. I have had only a little trouble with the WaterWipes not popping through the container in a clump rather than single sheets, but it is easy to use the extra unused one or two for quick clean-ups of the vanity or general bathroom area. Highly recommend WaterWipes. Subscribe and Save makes them affordable and always available.I don’t know why they changed it but the sheets are scratchy and stretch out weird. Not as wet. What’s going on? I had this on subscription and loved it before but now … what a bummer. I still love that they smell like water instead of like pampers wipes so that’s why I have a three star. :/We bought these because everyone had bought up the pampers sensitive (online and in stores) Now I won’t switch back. We use A LOT less of these to clean and our son doesn’t fight us now on changing his diaper. It’s so much cheaper in the long run. The plastic flap stays closed and the moisture remains. I think even the sensitive wipes bothered my son and these don’t. They are very wet unlike name brands. I just wish local stores sold them. These are now a go-to when I take diapers/wipes to a baby showerVery possible I'm just an idiot but these seem totally useless - no dispensing system at all. You pull one out and then there is a brick of soaking wet wipes stuck together. How the heck are you supposed to get the next wipe out while holding a baby? If anyone has figured out a way to get these to work like a tissue box or literally any other wet wipe I've ever come across, please do share. Otherwise these could be the best wipes of all time but the disregard for actual customer use case makes them a horrendous product.our new born was very sensitive to different baby wipes such as the kirkland and huggies, but this one cleans well and he no longer has rashes on his tushy. we also use this to wipe his mouth after dinner. highly recommend this product even tho its pricey, but it beats having red irritated skin on our babyMarketed as “new look same purity” is a way to distract from the fact that these wipes have new packaging, yes, but also are SMALLER. This means less wipe to clean up. One of the reasons I loved this brand so much was I didn’t have to use as wipes for one job-IYKYK. This is cheating the consumer. It’s the same high cost but WAterwipes aren’t providing the same product.
I also find it interesting that you can only rate this product on sensitive skin, softness and scent. They are clearly trying to avoid responsibility for quality of product. Seeing many brands cut corners (include less quantity in the package or smaller / lower quality items) thinking consumers won’t notice is upsetting.This is a great product. The grapefruit seed extract in this (as a preservative) is just enough to keep the wipes really fresh AND kill diaper rash on our little one. It also helped me to control the thrush we were passing back and forth to each other for 3 months. Ugh. Anyway, you wipe down the affected area and let it air dry, reholster your yahbos or wrap your baby's butt back up (with a little diaper cream if it's really bad) and you're good to go. I love that these wipes have only two ingredients. My husband is in the military and he keeps these in his pack instead of regular baby wipes because if you have to take a "bath" with these (yay field training/deployments), you actually feel clean afterwards instead of sticky like other brands. We will always keep these on hand. They're amazing.I was dismayed to find that even the "green brand" wipes are not so green after all. Have you checked out the ingredient list on yours? Yes, they are better than Huggies or Pampers wipes but still not what I wanted to be using on my babies skin a zillion (or at least it seems like that many) times a day. These wipes are great. And simple - water and a little fruit extract. The closest thing I could find to using a washcloth and plain water. We did do that too but some days I just needed some wipes ready to go. As my kids get older and now are out of diapers (2 and 4), I keep these in the bathrooms so they can use them themselves. The only thing I would change is that they are not self-feeding. Meaning the next one doesn't come up when you pull one out. If you've tried changing an up-the-back blowout on a twisting, squirming baby, you know you do not want to have to try to fish a wipe out with one hand while trying to stop baby from further spreading to poo up to their eyebrows with the other. Aside from that one minor annoyance, if you want a clean baby without crazy chemicals, these are the best out there.We absolutely love these wipes for their lack of chemicals. They clean baby really well and don't cause any problems for his skin. Unfortunately, any other wipe, no matter how "sensitive," causes problems for him. We had bought a bunch of free and clear Seventh Generation, and we've tried the sensitive versions of Pampers and Huggies, but they all caused baby's skin to react poorly. The only reason I dropped a star is for how poorly they feed. It's impossible to get out one at a time, and invariably the last 3-5 in the package come out as one clump. I gladly accept the waste since these work for baby, though.These are fantastic. They are seriously the most gentle thing you’ll get next to making your own. I’ve used these on the nastiest of diaper rash’s and my daughter doesn’t even wince. Whenever one of my daughters have a poo diaper, the wiping to clean them up with other wipes caused broken and painful skin. Not these. Not even once.

They don’t have any fragrance, and I’ve never had them dry out on me. Even if the pack is accidentally left open. We buy in bulk monthly. They are surprisingly strong too! I use one maybe two for number 1’s and 2-3 for number 2’s that aren’t on the extreme side.

I do sometimes wish the packaging was a little more sophisticated. Every now and again I’ll go to pull one and get a small bunch. That can be frustrating at times, but they are still worth it for my child’s comfort. And it’s not all the time. I just shove the extra back into the package.The company changed the product. Not only is the wipe of lesser quality but it also has a chemical smell to it. No longer seems as pure.My little one is 14 months old and these are the only wipes out of several brands and types I've tried that doesn't bother her. Other wipes make her break out worse or hurt her when she does have a rash. No issues with these wipes. Literally my only complaint is I wish they came out of the package a little easier but her not being in pain is worth the extra effort.I have used these wipes since we lived in Germany and my daughter was about 6 weeks old. She got a nasty diaper rash and we have never been willing to expose her to those chemicals since. So we have purchased Water Wipes from Target (540/box) since returning to the states. When we have bought these from other retailers, the "seal" on each package ripped easily. These wipes are waaaay too expensive for that since they could dry out and go to waste. For some reason, THIS box from Amazon has a better seal on each package. I really appreciate that.I absolutely LOVE these wipes. My older son had a rash for months that wouldn’t go away. We took him to the dr multiple times and tried every diaper cream we could find, changed diapers and moved to sensitive wipes and nothing was working.

Eventually we found these wipes and it were the only wipes he wouldn’t scream bloody murder when I used them on him. Made changing his diaper much easier and I didn’t feel like I was torturing him. Also made his rash not so red and mean looking. We then found Aquaphor and the combination of that and these wipes took his rash away in 3 days.

I SWEAR by these wipes and let everybody know it. And when my second son was born I ordered these right away. By far my favorite wipes.

I also don’t use wipes I can’t use on my face. If a wipe irritates my face, it doesn’t get used on my kids. These wipes actually make my face feel better.I had always thought of these as overpriced and a bit overhyped ... then my daughter got a painful looking diaper rash that was causing her to scream anytime one of the "regular" wipes would touch her (we were using sensitive "all natural" ones from a different brand) so we decided to give these a try. It was amazing the change in both her rash and her struggling against each diaper change. My sister had suggested we use paper towels with olive oil but it was too much of a mess. We love the simplicity of these wipe. No soapy residue, no smell and does the job perfectly. I would highly suggest every parent give them a try - especially if your little one(s) have sensitive skin.Great wipes, with one usability flaw. The wipes are stacked end-to-end, unlike most other brands which are stacked with one last fold inter-layered.

This means that when put in a wipe dispenser, if you take one wipe out, the next one isn’t ready to be pulled. You need to put your fingers all the way in looking for the opening. Pretty annoying.Changed the product and will not buy going forward.Really important these days to refrain from unnecessary chemicals. Especially for little bae's trying to establish a healthy acid mantle and skin microbiome. So these are the best.These used to be great. Been using for years. Now they made them smaller, drier, and smellier. Why would you do this? Change them back.Yes, they're soft. Virtually anything would be if they're soaking wet like these are. Whatever you do, go easy on the squeezy or you might have a puddle to contend with. Scent? WHAT scent? There might be something there, but hopefully that's the point because I was hoping for a little more. The soggy dampness is a bit much. and NEVER FLUSH "FLUSHABLE WIPES"! They're should go in the TRASH once they've been used. Despite claims, every plumber I've talked to says "DO NOT FLUSH!" Everyone has said 'these can sometimes clog drains as time goes by.' Check with your plumber. They might have a different opinion.I like how wet these wipes are and that they have as few ingredients as possible! I do wish they had some kind of texture to them to help clean off baby’s bottom a little quicker. They’re fully smooth and sometimes it requires harder rubbing to get the mess off. The wipes are sometimes a bit challenging to get out one at a time, especially as you near the bottom of the package. I usually try to solve this by taking out a couple of wipes before starting the diaper change.If you've gotten "sensitive" down below and the regular wet wipes are still a bit rough. You will love these. They are absolutely dripping with moisture. Trick: just hold it gently next to your ouchy area for a 10 second bit and then gently wipe. It's waaaay better than anything else.I gave it 4 stars because the pictures are misleading and because I found out about the new design after I placed my order. I also wish they had a texture, but overall good wipes. However, I rather buy a different brand that is less pricey. Just received my order of wipes. Yes, they changed the packaging, the new ones do not have the baby and it list traces of benzalkonium chloride.
I read this from their website, I hope it helps:
Hey WaterWipes lovers – for those of you that buy in bulk, you will soon notice a change on our inner packs. To accommodate our rapidly growing global fanbase, we are transitioning over to an updated, multi-language pack. The wipes themselves are the same wonderful wipe you know and love!Absolutely the very best wiles ever I use them everyday for my face. The very best wipes ever! Please try it, you will never buy anything else!
Thank you Amazon for buying the very best! Please do not raise prices. Please! Thank you Amazon for buying the best.
Wonderful Seller!These are wonderful if you are looking for a wipe that is effective yet gentle on newborn skin. My son is now 4 years old and we still use them for all sorts of stuff. But when he was a newborn/infant these were my go-to wipes for diaper changes. They also work great on faces for runny/snotty noses, messy faces after meals, or just as a clean up after an art project. Oh and they are scent free!Water wipes are literally life I use them for my children without having any concerns about being toxic because they love putting them in their mouth . They are great product and always purchase them . There are a few tweaks I wish they would do though 1- the quality of the wipe is not that sturdy so for a bad blow out I feel like I have to use half the bag to really clean up . I wish they would make them a little stronger quality . 2- I wish they would change how the top sticker to close the bag I noticed they may have changed it but now you can pull it off completely (I think) haven’t quite figured out exactly how they want us to use it . If they can fix those two options that would make this the perfect wipeThese are our favorite wipes, but we do use various brands simply because these are more expensive and sometimes I can't stomach the cost. To know the difference between these wipes and other brands all you have to do is pickup a package. It's HEAVY. They are soooo moist that you really don't need to use as many. These are the only wipes that I feel comfortable using to wipe my kids faces because there's basically nothing in them.We are on a quest to become a 100% chemical-free household. It's taken some time to switch over and ditch our favorite products. We love our Huggies wipes and that's all I've used for all three of my kids. I loved how thick they were compared to Pampers and other brands. The others always seemed so thin and dried out almost as soon as you pulled them out of the package. We used Huggies for everything and had a box in every room of the house pretty much... but they're so so so bad for you! I finally started doing some research on more crunchy brands (sounds so wrong to use that term when referring to wipes!) and found two that were on Amazon and reasonably priced. Water Wipes and Naty Wipes. I ordered them both and have to say that I prefer these to the Naty. I like the texture of the Naty better but they have a smell that I just don't care for. It's not bad, it's just different. The Water Wipes just smell clean to me. We are really happy with these.The second I opened a package of the “rebranded” wipes, I could smell the chemicals. These are not the same as the originals!!!We wanted some wipes for our newborn that did not contain alot of chemicals or preservatives so we gave these a try as well as samples of several other types of wipes (7th generation, babyganics, honest company, ect...). These were by far our favorite. They were rated highly by the EWG and only contain 2 ingredients. They are soft to the touch, almost cloth like. I also really liked that they are pretty wet, sometimes wipes dry out quickly. These worked really well for wiping off that newborn liquidy poop. They have no odor (sevaral of the others did) and are normal sized for a wipe (my husband wishes they were a little bigger). The packaging is ok, sometimes several wipes come out at once, I just re-stuff the unused one back in the container. A few other reviewers posted about mold on the wipes, we have not encountered this. Overall of all the natural wipes we tried these are the ones we have committed to due to softness and wettness.My GO TO wipes for cleaning our little one's bums when they have a diaper rash (or anything sensitive going on down there). The other leading brands would actually burn/hurt them more on the open skin/sores/open diaper rash area -- these are PERFECT. No burn. No crying. Clean Bums. Now, don't get me wrong, I do use other leading brands for our daily use (these are quite expensive to use daily on a 20 month old and 7 month old LOL) BUT we do keep these stashed away for those days we need something of much greater quality on sensitive skin and rashes. We also use these to wipe off their faces frequently. They don't burn their skin or hurt at all and leave only clean gentle skin. No redness. No burning. No complaints!I LOVE these wipes. They work perfectly. I did not know about these with my first children, and I was picky then - I used only Huggies wipes because I didn't like the feel of other wipes. I have had absolutely no problem with WaterWipes - no molding, no discoloration, nothing - they are AWESOME! These are all I use now, and I have been using them for over 6 months now! I wish I had these for my other kids! ONLY water and grapefruit! I have never had even a teeny tiny hint of irritation to my baby's skin using these! Now, when someone gives us other brand wipes, we use them to do household cleaning or maybe take them with us to wipe off public restrooms before we use them! If you order them on Subscribe and Save on Amazon, you can get 15% off! I highly recommend this product!Very expensive compared to other baby wipe options, but if you have ever had a baby with a severe diaper rash (following diarrhea caused by antibiotics) you understand that this extra money is well spent. All other wipes contain so many chemicals that it is difficult to understand what they are and their purpose. After a diaper rash is present, these other chemical saturated wipes only serve as an irritant to existing irritated skin. Hopefully, these will become more affordable as other water based wipes get on the market, but until then these are the only ones I will use. And if these aren't readily available I will simply use water and a wash cloth. We need to keep the unnecessary chemicals off of our fragile babies skin.Wipes can be a bit too moist for a newborn, since they can fee cold to their bare skin, so we would squeeze them before using. Now that summer is here, no issues at all.

Packaging could be improved, hard to pull out just 1 wipe with 1 hand. Too often a whole bunch eill come out or get stuck.

Might not be as soft as Pampers Sensitive, not sureSomething has changed with the formulation. The wipes are more coarse, have a strong chemical smell, and are more dry. What happened??! I'm not using these. The previous box had no scent, soft to touch. Something isn't right with this and it makes me nervous! Been using these for over 2 years. Never had an issue until now. Go back to the old formulation please!I like the concept of these wipes. Just water is great for baby's sensitive skin. But, I have several issues with the product. Firstly, the wipes are quiet small in size. I'm used to the Pampers Sensitive and these are smaller so you end up using more. Secondly, the wipes don't come out of the wipe caddy one at a time. They stick together, so when you go to pull out a wipe, you actually get a clump of 3 or 4. I have the Pampers caddy and the OXO, and it's a problem in both. Although those are minor issues, considering the price, it's enough to where I won't order again.They aren’t nested! They are folded in a C shape, not a Z shape, so when you grab a wipe - you have to manually unfold it, and the next one does not pop up automatically. They are just folded wiped laying on top of each other. It’s annoying to unfold each wipe in order to get the full use of it, and also annoying to reach into the pack and try to find the start of the next wipe instead of it being ready and popped upI bought these as emergency toilet paper since I ran out a week ago and have only been able to find baby wipe online, none at the stores. I’d been using paper towels but that hurts! Trust me, wet the paper towels and add some glycerin if you get that desperate!
Anyway, I rather like these wipes! No scent, thin enough to be able to flush and since I live in Texas and sweat terribly if it’s over 80*, I can use these wipes on my face since it’s just water! I may continue to buy these as face wipes!We had stopped using disposable wipes for years after terrible chemical burns from the preservatives in conventional wipes. We were making our own wipes at home, but it's nice to have a disposable option while on the go and out of town. We started using water wipes almost 4 years ago and buy them for everyone having a baby. No issues with our very sensitive skin and they are effective, especially with newborn poo that tends to be difficult to clean.I use these as a replacement for flushable adult wet wipes because they are significantly more cost-effective. They certainly do the job. They aren't as "smooth" feeling as adult flushable ones & not as thick, but they work for the intended purpose just fine. The adhesive plastic flap is also good, too. I've kept a few open ones in a number of bathrooms for at least over a month, and none of them are close to being dried out. I've also used these to help clean my dog's ears, face & paws and they work great for that, as well.Our first grandbaby was born last year and we wanted to do something to help our kids out as new parents (besides the customary meals; grandma staying the first week to cook, clean, do laundry, and care for mama so she can care for baby; buy tons of outfits, toys, gifts and necessities on their list; babysit, rock, play, sing, and any other thing we could possibly be needed for or asked to do, etc.) So, we opted to start an Amazon Subscription for diapers and these PHENOMENAL wipes!!!These wipes are the most natural you’ll find! Been using it since baby was born - 9 months now. BUT try pulling them out while baby is rolling over midway through a diaper change and it’s a disaster!!! Why can’t they have them continuously pull out so you don’t need to do each separately and use two hands?!!The only thing I don't like about WaterWipes - and this is why I took off one star - is how difficult it can be sometimes to pull one wipe from the rest. When your hands are full with a squirmy baby or toddler on the changing table, just finding the edge to pull some wipes out of the bag/box can be super frustrating (the wipes aren't uniformly packed like they are with, say, Pampers). HOWEVER, my oldest son has extremely sensitive skin, and WaterWipes work extremely well for him without aggrivating his skin or burning with any chemicals like other brands did, and for that reason alone I'll never go to a different wipe.After receiving several different brands of babywipes via babyshower gifts, these are the only ones I will use on my babys skin. Parents choice, pampers sensitive, Kirkland etc all have a strong chemical smell and unpleasant texture. I tested all the baby wipes on myself and they burn! So I can't imagine how it feels on my babys delicate skin. Water wipes are so soft and moist and gentle, my daughter no longer has redness on her butt from just changing her diaper. Soooo worth the extra money. Every baby deserves the best. I even use these on her hands and face.I really appreciate this product.
My first born would get a rash with anything else and as a first time parent seeing your 3day old baby with a rash is heart breaking! My second born has never had a rash and will probably never know what a diaper rash feels like.
It kind of blows my mind that they charge more than other baby wipes, considering they have less ingredients and they do not appear to be putting nearly as much money into marketing. They have no real competition and I’m not using anything else on my babies though so I guess that’s how the beautiful FREE market works.
That said my biggest grip is that I can’t seem to figure out how to get only one wipe out of the package at a time.

Invest some of that well earned money back into making your product that much better!These are the best wipes for a baby with sensitive skin! After getting home from the hospital, my baby got a horrible rash on her bum almost instantly, and it pained me to change her diaper bc of how raw it got so fast! I immediately stopped using the store bought pampers wipes and started using a warm washcloth instead..but that can be time consuming. I found these wipes and ordered with the dry hospital wipes as well and my babygirl has been rash free since!! They are a little more expensive but so worth not having your baby in pain!!!Best wipes ever!
We figured out my daughter was allergic to pampers sensitive wipes which caused a terrible reoccurring rash for nearly 3 months. We switched a lot of things for her trying to find the cause and luckily for us when I tried these on her the rash started to get better and didn’t come back! They are pretty pricey so the best way to buy them is in bulk! My daughter and her bottom are so grateful for these wipes!I bought these because other baby wipes were sold out. These are good for sensitive skin. These aren’t necessarily uncomfortable but I wouldn’t say they’re soft though. They don’t glide against the skin very well, which can cause you to get your hands dirty when it has friction. Due to this fact, I give it three stars. I don’t like poop on my hands, what can I say?I got a sample of these in the mail and was just working my way through all the free supplies I had acquired in the first weeks of having my newborn home. When I used these I noticed that the rash would completely disappear and baby's butt had zero signs of irritation. I had not heard all the hype yet but went and ordered them in bulk just based on my own observations! Now my baby uses nothing else since her first month and we have not had any problems with rash or irritation. I use them to wipe her face and my breasts at times too. Other brands seemed to tingle some when I used them and left my skin feeling tight and drier. It was subtle but there is a noticeable difference with these wipes. They leave us both looking and feeling clean with no weird smell, residue, or dry skin. I won't buy anything else.Product described as “180 count (3 packs)” which I took to mean 3 packs with 180 wipes in each. Nope. You literally get 3 packs of 60 wipes for $9. So about $3/pack which is way overpriced. Had set up a subscribe and save. Super disappointing. Going to have to search for a better deal.Definitely cleans, but much smaller, by at least 20% than a regular brand of wipe like Huggies or Pampers pop up wipes. I wish I could put them into a standard diaper wipe plastic pop up box but the product does not generally only let you take one and then another pops up. Cleaning is good, and they have absolutely no odor. I won't buy again.I honestly love these wipes. My baby had really bad diaper rash since day one. She was just so crazy sensitive. These wipes were the only ones that didn’t hurt her and actually helped the rash heal. Totally worth being as pricey as they are. They totally deserve a 5 star! However, I gave them a 4 start because why for the love of god can you only pull out a single wipe at a time?! Lol Worst design ever. Especially when you are trying to handle a poop explosion and have to either wait and pray the baby doesn’t get it all over or just ripe open the package completely to get at enough wipes. Obviously not a parent who planned that one out.I try other water wipes before these ones, but it was just a waste of time and money, I thought they look just too simple, I wanted something with a fancier packaging, but sincerely none of them worked. This one took the Gold medal for sure. Super safe, healthy, and green. Won't buy anything else.CHANGED THE FORMULA HAVE CHEMICALS NOWOnly 4 stars due to the fact that they don’t come out of the package very easily one at a time. And, I’m not completely in love with the adhesive closure however, understand the sustainability factor. Other than that, these wipes were perfect for our baby girl because we did not want to risk using anything with more than 2 ingredients around her little lady parts. Fast forward to having our son where we thought we might get away with one of the more popular brands since we were gifted many. Well, needless to say, he started getting severe diaper rash (broken skin) so we immediately switched to these and problem solved! Spend the extra bucks on your babies butt. It’s well worth it!Not sure if the diaper rash thing is for other reasons, but I will say that since using these on the 2 year old and the 6 month old we have experienced a significant drop in diaper rash cases. Was also advised to use these then let them air dry for a bit before putting on the diaper. Whatever combo it is here, it's been working, and these really are superior wipes.

...side note if you're new to the parenting game. Poop becomes a hot topic with you and your spouse. Wipe and diaper quality versus cost are a new favorite dinner discussion.I absolutely love these wipes. I have definitely been doing my best to be as natural and organic as possible with my baby to expose her to as few toxins as possible, and these water wipes help me to do just that. A lot of times when trying to be natural, you have to compromise some function/effectiveness for healthiness, but that isn't the case here, as I find them to be BETTER than any other wipes I have tried. I find their smell much more appeasing as well than the smell of other baby wipes. They are also more "wet" than other wipes, which helps when cleaning up after a poopy diaper. Going on 10 months and haven't had one diaper rash yet! I also use these now that my baby is eating solids to clean her face after eating, and it does the job for that. I even use them for wiping her nose when she's had a cold, and again does the job for that! Love them!My poor baby had a diaper rash that was relentless.. we tried everything- every butt cream, different diapers, sitz baths.. the only thing we didn’t think to change was his wipes. Because the wipes we had been buying said 99% water, I thought they were sensitive enough for him. I finally looked at the ingredients for the other “pure” wipes.. 99% water but then a bunch of chemicals. Water wipes only have a drop of fruit extract. We switched to water wipes ASAP and it made all the difference. His butt rash cleared and has stayed away!!! Won’t ever buy any other kind of wipes! We love these wipes + pinxav combo. :)These are the best wipes... contains no alcohol or perfumes. Just contains water and fruit extract. Not sure why these aren't sold in stores as they seem to be the safest for babies. For those who say they saw mold on them... I have been using these for over a year and I never had a problem with mold. For those reviews that say they are not thick enough, don't come out of the package neatly, etc.... again, I've been using them for over a year and they are thick enough even for the messiest diapers! As far as how they come out of the package, I take out what I need ahead of time. I read one review that said they suspected their baby got a diaper rash from these wipes... don't know how that is possible when these wipes contain only water (and less than 1% fruit extract)... perhaps their baby got a diaper rash from teething and it was just a coincidence that they had just started using these wipes at the same time. These are the only wipes my baby can use.This is the biggest rip off. 3 individual packs for more than a large box of 12 packs which I though I purchased. Completely ridiculous to allow this.Product is good BUT think about this: your kid just pooped and its all sticky and gooey, all over the diaper. You reach for a wipe, and only one piece of the wipe comes off. You have to scratch the wipe stack 8 seconds befor you get the next wipe. You kid already smudged poop all over the place, including your forehead. That's what's up with these wipes. They dont come out nicely. It comes out in pieces and you have to struggle to get the next piece. Horrible. I'm sticking with pampers.I will give these wipes 5 stars, but really I think they are 4.5 (simply because they are a pain to get out of the package--the next wipe doesn't automatically "pop up" like others do). I've tried: Pampers Sensitive, 7th Generation, Huggies, and The Honest Company, and these are by far the best.

I know there were some complaints about mold, but I have yet to see any in the 15+ packages we have used so far. For the most part, the wipes are fairly moist. My favorite part is that they don't have a strong smell, and I don't feel like I'm wiping a chemical factory on my daughters behind. They may be a bit smaller than the big brand wipes, but I am willing to forego a bit of size for a natural wipe.

A tip if your top wipes are a bit dry: Turn the package over for the night to let the liquid disperse down.I like these wipes because they are the only ones I can find with only 2 ingredients - water & grapeseed oil. Most things I use for my baby I try for myself & these are actually gentle on the skin - other brands have so many different chemicals in them they burn especially if your baby has even a small case of diaper rash. My only complaint is that they don't continuously pull out when I put them in the wipe warmer so I have to open the wipe warmer everytime and pick the wipes apart.These are nice for sensitive skin and didn’t give my little any skin troubles. They are rather expensive, though, and more so since it takes extra wipes to clean up little bottoms. They push around a lot of the mess rather than pick it up like some other wipes do.
I’ll go back to ordering amazon brand’s sensitive wipes or Walmart’s, as both of those work better to clean up messes and don’t irritate my sensitive little either.I'm an adult using these. I've used them for 18 months. They are great! Made in Ireland. There is an expiration date on them if you worry about that. No scent that I can tell. Sometimes when I open a new package they seem a little dry. Your can fix this by first making they are sealed well and just turn the package upside down for a while. The moisture redistributes and you are good to go. Now I store brand new packages upside down before use and I never have that small problem.Yes, they are more costly than most wipes, but I will pay for quality. If you don't want to buy these, ask for them as a gift when people ask you what you need lol. Great for sensitive skin.

Some people don't like that you only get one wipe when you pull them out, well I do because for a wet diaper I only need one and I hate pushing the rest of them back in. Small but can become an inconvenience over time.My baby is super sensitive and always gets diaper rash. Doctor recommended using a wash cloth that was just wet with water and I was like umm no these wipes make so much more sense!! He recommended as well. It has no chemicals which is one less thing I have to worry about I hate p putting chemicals on my baby. Since I've been using these and aquaphor every change the diaper rash has disappeared. Totally recommend these I would never use anything else!!! One complaint I do have though is it's annoying getting the wipes out they don't come out very easily at all. L it's like they all stick together and I end up accide tally pulling 3 or 4 out at a time and have to stuff them back in-__-These wipes are definitely not for sensitive skin as it have my baby diaper rash. My heart broke in two when I figure what the cause of this persistent rash was. It was obvious when I realized that the only thing that changed we're the wipes we were using for him. ☹️Love this wipe. It is so watery and soft. The top ones when you first open the packets aren’t as watery but it gets more and more watery as you use up the wipes. These are so good to clean up the poop babies make as well as the occasional blow outs. I have tried a few different brand wipes, pampers, Huggies, honest, etc. Honest is my second fave, but it is a bit more pricey. Highly recommend this wipes for any baby caregivers. I use this for my dogs paws too since they are 99% water. And no scent is a must in baby products for me.I bought these because a friend recommended them and uses them. They are fine, but not amazing. If the plastic sticker tears off the top, the bag may leak if these are upside down in your bag (this happened to me). When these are in a wipe dispenser, only one pulls up at a time, so we can't use a wipe dispenser. Also these don't wipe very smoothly when cleaning up a dirty diaper. I end up needing to use several more then usual. Overall I think it's great how natural they are but they aren't great for dirty diapers. My husband asked me to not buy them again. If your needs are for occasional dirty faces or something like that (not dirty diapers), then these could be amazing for you.With my first baby I used only cloth diapers and wipes, but my second baby is too sensitive even for that because he seems to be allergic to every detergent on the planet. Needless to say, I wanted to find wipes with the least chemicals possible, and water wipes have been a life saver! They have no chemical smell, since they only contain water and a little bit of essential oil to keep them from getting mold/mildew. They are even gentle enough to use on my baby's face. Anything else will make him break out in a rash. The only drawback I have found is that if you keep the wipes in the diaper bag with clothes, the moisture tends to leak onto the clothes and make them a little bit damp. My solution is to keep the wipes in the back of my diaper bag with the changing pad, and have had no issues since I started doing that. Maybe a different type of package would help remedy this problem? Overall, I highly recommend these wipes, especially for babies with allergies/eczema.These wipes are awesome. I have used them with four children so far. My kids rarely, if ever, have a mild diaper rash and these wipes are so gentle that they obviously do not burn when irritated like other wipes. To be honest, they take a bit of getting used to if you are used to traditional baby wipes. They do not have emollients and other chemicals that help remove things from the skin, so it may take a tiny bit more wiping at first to get things completely clean.
I use them for EVERYTHING, diaper changes, dirty faces, letting the kids help clean, etc. My only complaint is that they do not always come out of the package very easily. I have resolved this issue by using a wipes dispenser (I like the OXO Tot PerfectPull dispenser, personally) and it has not been an issue since. The minor issue getting them out of the package is worth the trade off of not having questionable chemicals wiped all over my children on a daily basis.  OXO Tot PerfectPull(TM) Wipes Dispenser with Weighted Plate- GreenWater wipes are FABULOUS. They are super filled with --- I guess water. But they are not dry like other wipes. They work soo well. They're natural. I love them. EXCEPT!!! The wipe is soooo small. Like what the hell? I'd give it 5 stars but they're so tiny. If they were a normal sized wipe, you'd need a quarter of the wipes that you normally, but because of the size, i end up using the same amount anyway. It's aggravating to say the least.I’ve compared these to the original. The texture, smell, and packaging is different. The product is not as pictured it is clearly fakeThese WaterWipes are the only wipes on the market I would ever let touch my child's skin. They are mainly water, with a little bit of grapefruit extract, and I'm relieved that they don't have the chemicals in them like other brands. I feel safe to use these on my children, and they've even survived a washing and drying in the laundry room while washing my cloth diapers. These are also perfect for helping potty train. Making the transition from wipes to toilet paper, it helps to have these on hand for when they are just learning. They also work great for a makeup remover and other various things, such as: wiping hands. Overall a great buy, and I'd recommend them!As baby bottom wipes I like that these aren't oily. However, they are IMPOSSIBLE to get out of the packaging. For 2 reasons. 1) they aren't as oily and thus don't separate as easily. 2) the packaging hole is really really small - smaller than normal. I tried to fix #2 by putting it in our large wipe box, but then problem #1 comes into play. I wanted to use these 100% for baby's bottom for diaper changes but I physically could not hold baby's feet in the air, and separate the wipes from the container without massive yanking/flailing of the wipes and some "happy-baby-voice" cursing.

That said, they are GREAT for cleaning pump parts at work or for travel. The Medela wipes are super expensive and leave a soapy residue. This is just water and they clean up the pump parts great. And they are MUCH more cost effective!! These are my go-to for pump cleaning parts and also for baby's face - but not when you need wipes urgently in a diaper change.The package was too heavy for me to lift. This is the second time I received the Baby wipes that were packed with other products, which makes the package way too heavy to lift. I am a 72 year old woman and could have hurt myself. I would sure appreciate it if you could pack the baby wipes by themselves. If this keeps happening I will take my business elsewhere.These are the only types of wipes my sister and I use on our babies. We both noticed that when we use other kinds, even ones marked "sensitive," our babies (17 months old and 19 months old) get diaper rashes. WaterWipes stay really moist and have strong, smooth fabric. I use them not only to wipes my daughter's bum bum, but I also have no qualms about wiping them across her face, on her hands, and wherever else it may be necessary. They come in thin plastic packages with clear restickable plastic stickers covering the dispensing hole on the top. I do comparison shopping on different retailers and differing quantity boxes in order to make sure I'm getting the lowest price-per-wipe deal.We parents get worried when it comes to baby's health and selecting product for them. We get extra cautious when it comes to baby's hygiene.
Have been using Water wipes for probably more than 1 year now for my baby. Must accept that this is so far remains the best baby wipes used so far. We tried almost 4-5 different baby wipes both of higher price and lower one compared to WaterWipes.
Best part is it's free from any chemical( used in other to add scent).
I am really happy with this product.I’ve been ordering these wipes for 1.5 years and we’ve never had a problem with diaper rash. In the early days when we would run out of these I would use some of the other wipes I received as baby shower gifts and we would usually experience a mild breakout that always cleared up when switching back to these. There do seem to be quite a few scams on Amazon, but I don’t think this is one of them. If you compare the ingredients to pretty much any other brand of wipe, even those marketed for sensitive skin, you’ll find they include all kinds of crazy stuff You've never heard of.My kids aren’t even babies anymore and I still have this shipped every month because they work for so much! Yes bathroom and they are toilet trained but who doesn’t want a nice clean wipe! We also pack these wherever we go and sticky goo and ice cream faces and dirt such a great easy and safe way to clean up a kid!! Love them will have them foreverWhen our Twins were in the NICU for 3 months, we wanted to sue wipes that where sensitive to the skin. After using dry wipes for awhile and having some of the NICU nurses complain about the difficulty using dry wipes, another nurse told us about WaterWipes. We’ve been using them for a little over a year and haven’t switched yet. They’re soft, moist, and perfect for our babies’ skin.Several people I know recommended these wipes for babies, especially when diaper rash gets so bad that any chemicals sting. These are as advertised, and hold water so they retain wetness throughout the whole pack. They do tend to hold together when you’re trying to pull them out to use one, but that’s probably because the pouch is a little loose. Best news with these is they don’t disintegrate when you’re wiping poo (just being blunt). Fabric is soft and smooth, but strong.

Side note: We bought another brand of sensitive wipes recently and the material can practically dissolve when you’re wiping. Always lovely...Maybe I would have realized if I looked into it more but I wanted to get these because they were “free and clear”. My husband has Eczema so we want to be careful with baby. But they don’t continuously feed so they don’t work in dispensers. I’ve dealt with it for the first 4 months of my baby’s life because we bought so much. But I don’t plan on reordering. Very sad about it too : ( They just aren’t worth the annoyance.I placed 5 stars on scent bc it doesn’t have any! Our baby’s skin reacted to other types of “sensitive” skin wipes, but not this one :) Tried a big box store and immediately my kiddo’s skin started turning red with a rash. We tried it a few more times with the same reaction and then went back to the Water Wipes and the rash cleared right up! We’re never going back—thank you for making such a great product for our keiki ❤️Really inconvenient because the wipes done come out together from a box, i have to fish the next wipe out by pinching inside the box opening, all that while trying to change a diaper is not worth it at all, especially given the price of the wipes. 2/5! the one is for the softness and quality of the wipes but the inconvenience really out-weights a-lot of the good parts about the product.I had these on a baby registry after reading about them online. I was unsure as I have never used them before and don’t have friends that use them. My sister reassured me that they are a great product. She is one of those oily people and told me that people actually buy these over the oil brand ones as they are a great price. I was pleasantly surprised when receiving the product. It’s great! I’m glad it was on my registry. Would recommend.These wipes are fantastic! As parents we want what's best for our babies and the products we apply to their skin should be no exception. When I look at this product label and see 2 ingredients, ones that I can understand, I'm so comforted that this is one less thing I have to worry about in my already over extended life. Thank you, water wipes for being one less thing I forget at the grocery store

These work just as well as any brand name retail item and they don't leave behind any foamy, soap- like residue on my sons hands, which bacteria can't attach to and BAM, we're all down with the flu in July. There is no odor because there are no perfume chemicals to cause one, it's a good idea to know you babies scent, it helped me catch onto my sons lactose problem.

There is not one reason I can think to not buy this product!Not a fan of these wipes. This was my first time purchasing this brand. I used one pack and already decided I wouldn't be purchasing these again. The wipes are small and rough. But, since I bought a large box of these wipes, I figured I was stuck with them. Then I opened a second pack and found that they were moldy, like other reviewers have said. I contacted Amazon immediately and requested to return them even though I had already used one pack. They gave me a full refund. Thank you, Amazon.100% biodegradable, plant-based, plastic-free and compostable. I really liked the other version but will keep supporting this company because
of their environmental pledge --- just have to get used to the smell I guess lol. Still the same two ingredients so still worth it.Absolute worst wipes. Thin and hard to pull apart..not sturdy at all, especially when trying to wipe baby's bottom and don't have a couple minutes to just get the wipe apart from other wipes. I noticed that someone mentioned something about wipes being different from before - changed packaging, thinner wipes. Don't buy these because of the raving reviews, those are old reviews. They should never sell such a defective item!I LOVE these wipes. My son had bad eczema as a baby so I loved using these knowing it didn’t have any chemicals to harm his skin. We actually keep them all around the house and use them for everything ranging from countertop cleaning to hand wiping. My only gripe is it’s difficulty to pull them out. You usually end up with a huge chunk of wipes at a time.I do like these wipes a lot because of their simplicity in ingredients. No funky chemicals.

I do however wish that these wipes were thicker. I've been using these for well over a year - I find myself using multiple wipes at once to make up for the thinness.

Maybe it's true for all wipes, but sometimes I notice that no matter how many wipes and how long I wipe the baby, Baby's little buns still smell a bit unpleasant. I'm not sure if the wipes just don't clean as well as they could, or if there are some things that only a bath will fix.

Also, they've recently changed the packaging, but I didn't notice a change in quality or ingredients. The old packs had a baby on them.These are absolutely awesome. The wipes themselves don't have a texture so just bear that in mind. Do you work incredibly well for my three-year-old and my eight-month-old. I love that they don't have any chemicals as well because my boys have sensitive skin.
We switched from another company after finding out that they used a dye to make their diapers seem more natural. I like that so far as I can tell, this company doesn't have questionable ethics like the other company.
Quality of this product is great!

UPDATE: I did a little more research into this product, and found that some have struggled with mold growing. I always make sure to use my wipes up and keep them closed and out of hot spaces. Never have struggled with this. However I could see that as a problem for some. I also can't find information on what the wipes themselves are made of. Still a great product, and far better than chemicals!I bought these bc of their "purity", wanting to be a good parent and using minimal and natural ingredients for my toddler.

Within hours of switching to these wipes, my son's genital area became red and he cried when I changed his nappy saying it hurt him.

They are NOT soft and I believe the grapefruit extract is probably irritating for young skin.

I've used Huggies, Pampers, Earth & Eden (which were great, but seem discontinued) and NONE bothered him or his skin.

I'm so upset that wanting to do good for my son by using a "clean" brand ended up hurting him.I have been a childcare provider and mom for 11 years and I LOVE these wipes! They are so amazing, I have been recommending them to everyone! One wipe does so much for a little bottom. My son has super sensitive skin like both my girls did and these have been amazing for his bottom. I wish I knew about these (maybe they weren’t a thing?) when my older girls were in diapers! It would have saved a lot of trouble with their bottoms.We tried a few different wipes for our newborn, but a friend recommended these after he had a diaper rash and we've never looked back. They don't dry out or have a strong smell. We still use them now that he is 3. Because they are so pure, can also be used on hands and face. I use them to remove makeup in a pinch as well. Highly recommend!I love water wipes for my daughter. I use these with Bordeaux's Butt Paste - the natural version, and she is able to avoid diaper rash completely. These wipes are very wet and work great at cleaning up #2. My only beef with these is that they do not link in the packaging, aka, it can be difficult to pull a wipe out, and you end up pulling out more than one at a time. I keep my water wipes in their own packaging and in a Pamper's plastic box and keep the box closed, so the wipes don't dry out, and if I accidentally pull out more than one (happens often) I can leave it in the box and use it later. The difficulty of the packaging makes it a little less easy to do a one handed diaper change while holding baby's feet/legs, but overall love the product.The wipes are moist and gentle on babys skin but I absolutely hate how you can only pull one out at a time and have to unfold it before use. It's really annoying when you have a newborn or a blowout because you have to guess how many wipes you need and prep them by laying them out so you can change a diaper and clean your baby's bum. It's even harder with a baby boy who streams pee suddenly and your trying to grab wipes and unfold them while trying to stop a pee stream or clean the mess quickly. If I buy again it would purely be for cleaning hands after meals and not for diaper changes.These are my absolutely favorite wipes. They are truly the best. Most other wipes feel like a barely wet paper towel and these are great I feel like I can usually get away with just using one wipe to clean up a messy diaper. I also like the fact that they don't fold together because when I've had to use the alternatives my daughter will pull 5-10 wipes out before I can grab it away from her and feel like it's a huge waste. Even though they're more expensive I feel like they last longer because you do not have to use as many at a time. Only improvement I'd suggest is having a better opening because after a while the re-usable tape doesn't always stay on near the end.Best wipes there are, worth the little bit of extra money. I recently bought Honest wipes because they were on an awesome sale and I was so disappointed. These are the most gentle on baby's skin and they are really wet so you don't have to use as many! They aren't scented and you can tell how pure they are. Also when your baby eats beets or red cabbage or anything that stains their poop these get it off their bums better than any others!Before I ordered these wipes, I pretty much check every other wet wipes out there including very well known brands. They use chemicals or artificial scent which I don't want any of these to touch our son's body.

That's why we go with this wet wipe since he was born. We have been a user of these wipes for almost a year and very happy with the results. It's just water and a drop of a fruit scent. Perfect! I highly recommend this wipes to any parent who is trying to stay away harmful chemicals as much as they can.Below is my previous revieq that has 5 stars. Now, it's a zero star. What a disappointment. I was on auto shipment and rexomended them to everyone. Now, I will cancel. They added a chemical so no longer the wipes are pure. Do not buy. Make your own.

My comments on ther old wipes:
Please read the ingredients in other wipes. It's scary! Also try them on you, it'll burn the crap out. Imagine it on the gentle and sensitive skins of your baby! This one really works! I only will but this one. It's the best!
Yeah, not anymore! Thanks for changing great product, punksWe were using pampers sensitive wipes for our newborn and he started getting a rash (not saying it’s FROM the wipes but they didn’t HELP either). His skin just kept getting more and more red and when I wiped him he cried. I had water wipes samples from my pregnancy so I tried them. Instantly I could tell the difference. My baby didn’t fuss when I wiped his irritated skin with these wipes in fact, he seemed to enoy the coolness of the wipe. Durable. Only need two for a diaper blowout. I feel good about using these on my baby. Water and fruit extract- nothing else. A must have.These are just as effective as other wipes that are full of alcohol and chemicals, yet these don’t have any!! My baby has not had any diaper rash using these but one time we ran out and used some others that were bought for us ‘cucumber infused’.. they seemed ‘natural’ enough, but baby got a rash within 2 days of using them, so I checked the ingredients - FULL of chemicals! Bought these water wipes again and the rash was gone within a day! I will never use any other wipe!I have a newborn baby and this is the first wipe I got for him.
During last month which I am using this product, I didn’t see any redden on his skin. It seems it is good for newborns with sensitive skins.
It doesn’t have any scent and and I can assume it is not compromised any chemicals.
The wipes are wet enough and for each diaper, I usually use one or two.
Each time, you have to make sure you close the plastic lid carefully, otherwise next few wipes will be dry.
I am happy with this and I will buy it again.I was super stoked to use chemical free wipes, got 3 gigantic packs for the baby shower. Then i noticed baby rash all over, but didnt believe it was from the wipes. How could it be from "99.9% water and drop of fruit extract". Silly me. Discontinued using and been washing the area with water only, the old ways, over the sink, since the rash was so horrible. Finally cleared it, then went back to use the wipes, and once again, we had a break out after day 1 of using it. Definitely from the wipes! Now we use this crap of a product to wipe quick messes around the house, like cat hairballs or coffee stains off tabletop. What a waste. Joke is on me since apparently there are fake ones and real ones. Well, we arent taking any chances using fake ones and ditched these brand of wipes for diaper duty for good.I have been using these wipes since my daughter is born. Now I am using it for my second one. They are the cleanest wipes I have ever used. I also use it to wipe face, hand, body. There is a good amount of water inside, so it's easy to clean. Only issue is that, the opening side of the packet sometimes gets detached and hard to close the packet. I wish they improve the quality of the opening window.
Highly recommend it to any parent.My daughter has sensitive skin and quickly develops a diaper rash when we use other “sensitive” disposable wipes. But it cleared up quickly when we switched to these. We still use reusable wipes at home (which are the gentlest), but I stocked up on these to use on the go. Would recommend.I want to like these because they don’t have a chemical cocktail in them, but they are too wet. It takes so many of them to clean poop because the excessive wetness makes them just slide over the mess instead of wiping it up. I switched to Babyganics and they work so much better. Not a fan of the long ingredient list, but they are still pretty clean, especially when compared to main brands out there.I am SEVERELY allergic to baby wipes and have permanent dermatitis from trying to figure out what the heck was causing it. I’ve tried every baby wipe on the market, all the “gentle” and “natural” even the honest co. I finally gave up and decided to make my own. When I had my third child a nurse told me about water wipes and that they didn’t have any chemicals in them. I was hesitant but decided to give them a try and am so glad I did! I finally found a wipe that doesn’t give me a reaction! I am over the moon, thank you water wipes for a truly safe product!we've been using this brand of wipe for as long as the toddler is born, and now with the 2nd baby too. no issues whatsoever.
however, looks like they recently changed the package looks and also some details in the small prints, one of them includes some ingredients like chloride that wasn't mentioned earlier. this is now look like the "fake" version described by the other reviewer. i doubt it's "fake" though, I think it's still the "real" product but they probably added a tiny bit of other ingredient to prevent it from molding.The wipe itself is great, but they aren’t folded together so that when you pull one out the next one lifts up a bit in order to easily pull it next. Every single wipe required excessive scraping and grabbing to pull it apart from the stack. Super annoying. I kept thinking it would get better, but no, made it through the entire stack just as frustrated as I started. I have two more packs (bought a 3-pack to try them out) and have no idea what I’ll do with them - certainly not restocking the wipes dispenser...I don’t need that hassle in my life while trying to change a poopy diaper!!I keep these on subscription for a reason... my kid likes them. We've tried other brands, Honest, Pampers, etc ... she liked the design on the Honest package, but the wipes weren't as soft as these. I use them, too, and they're refreshing when I need it, lol.I’ve tried all the “natural” wipes and these are the best, by far. If you store them upside down (like the package suggests!!!) there is no issue with moisture. They are very wet and clean the biggest messes with fewer wipes than other brands. There is literally NO other brand with so few ingredients. They are pure and gentle, I can use them on any part of baby’s (or even my own) skin without the slightest bit of irritation. People complaining about the third “mystery” ingredient need a science lesson, there is absolutely nothing harmful about these wipes.My second daughter has super sensitive skin and eczema. After she was born, I tried wipes after wipes and finally came across these. They were a life saver. After I started using these wipes, the irritation she was experiencing stopped. I have since been using them for two and a half years. These wipes are soft and super moist, you can wring them out and a ton of liquid will squeeze out. Its like giving my baby a wash up every time I change her, which I like because I know she is super clean.We were first introduced to Water Wipes when our son was in the NICU. They were the only wipes used there. At first I wasn’t sure about them because of the price (double that of Pampers) and the fact that they’re indeed made with mostly water, but after going back and forth I DEFINITELY prefer Water Wipes! They are much wetter than any other wipes so I don’t have to use as many to get the job done. Now I buy the biggest box possible. Sooo worth the money!Perfect product if you're looking for wipes without all the extra toxic ingredients. I use these for wiping excess makeup off my brushes, as our bathroom wipes, I keep them in my car to dust the interior & the list goes on. Hopefully will use them on babies in the future! I keep this item on Subscriber & Save for auto shipments which is super convenient too.I really like these wipes - they do not cause any problems for my baby, there is no weird smell or anything and they feel good on skin. However, they are not stacked well and so when you pull one, the next just sticks to the pile and doesn't get "ready" in the dispenser. This is especially inconvenient when using wipe warmer, because I always have to open the whole thing and try to peel off the top wipe. Add a hungry baby who wants to be done with the pre-meeting diaper change and this small inconvenience suddenly becomes a much bigger deal. I bought in bulk before and the issue appeared with all packs I opened so far. All in all, I won't be buying these again for this reason.These wipes are no where as good as the version from last year. They are dry and have a funny smell to them. I am switching to the Costco brand because they are cheaper and do not cause irritation like these new water wipes that we recently ordered from Amazon. I’m really tired of these companies trying to cut corners while making the customers suffer in the process!Something with the formula changed. These used to have no smell. Something is wrong here. Don't buy!Our 1yo has eczema and very sensitive skin. A pack of these wipes came in an Aquaphor gift pack I purchased because the products were recommended by our pediatrician. The wipes were a surprise because I had never heard of "water wipes". They have no fragrance and nothing harsh to burn sensitive skin, plus they are super soft. I have already ordered a case and will not go back to regular baby wipes.I have been using these for 18 months now. I will NEVER EVER EVER use any other wipes than these. I saw a three inch ingredient list on pampers wipes from Costco and these have 2. These are pure and simple. My beautiful little babies bum was pampered with these wipes. They are delicate on irritated skin and wipe super easily! I keep a stock of these at all times. I also LOVE the fact that since there are not harmful ingredients, you can use these as face wipes. So when she shreds a banana for fun and smushes it in her hair, out come the waterwipes! I even used these when I got sick to wipe my nose and keep it from getting red and dry. I don't know how to communicate that every mother that does not use reusable wipes needs to use these. I buy them for every new mother I know.My baby is 8 months old and we’ve been using water wipes since he was born. In my recent, amazon subscribe and save, purchase I discovered, tonight, that the box purchased reeks of mold. We’ve been using these wipes on him for two weeks now not realizing they were infested with mold. I’m am so upset and disappointed in the quality of this product. I can still smell the mold on my hands and in the baby closet. What’s worse is that we’ve unknowingly been using this infested product on my son for two weeks now. I have the box in my garage and have been instructed by amazon to ship back for a refund. I’m writing this in hopes that this does not happen to another customer.I love these....other than their price!
Don't get me wrong, these wipes are definitely worth the price tag, we just can't afford them each month.
We only tried them one month to try to clear up a stubborn diaper rash and they were worth it. Now we're using Amazon unscented wipes, they are super soft and working surprisingly well...and are just much more affordable for us.
I'm giving these 5stars because they're amazing. If you have the money, definitely buy them.Don’t like the change to the biodegradable wipes. They smell like chemicals, aren’t as wet and are smaller the the old version. Had this on subscription and didn’t know they changed. Won’t buy them again.Our family likes ordering our bigger grocery list items from amazon prime. And we love water wipes! They are a great product that you don’t have to worry about what chemicals you’re putting on your baby. We use them on his face to clean up after meals with no worry. Recently switched to honest company wipes for their bundle and save package but still have water wipes in the house just in case we need them. Would totally recommend to anyone with small children. Great product!I feel like the only person who doesn't like these wipes LOL but seriously, they are thin and smooth so the lack of texture makes them basically useless for diaper changes. The most annoying thing is how the wipes aren't nested so you can't remove them one handed or put them in a wipe dispenser. In fact even with both hands it's difficult and I usually end up pulling out a few together. These were recommended for my daughter's sensitive skin and eczema and they're fine on that front but otherwise they're crap for the price.

I ended up buying huggies natural care for diaper changes and they're still approved by the national eczema association. I'm just using these for food clean up to get rid of them. I knew I should have bought a smaller box first...Got these to help with diaper rash and like them. Wanted something with no chemicals etc. i don’t care for the drop of fruit or what ever but I can’t smell it and don’t notice it. I do seem to have an issue with getting the wipes out. They always seem to come out in chunks rather than pulling one wipe at a time. One other recommendation would be to put the plastic caps on these like other name brand baby wipes have, so that it can fit in Accessories meant to hold packs of baby wipes like diaper bags and warmers etc.It seems that the company changed their formula. I read online reviews on target that people also noticed the change. It’s no longer soft and smells like alcohol. I don’t know if it’s because it’s now bio degradable.Our favorite baby wipe hands down. We won't use anything else. NEITHER of my babies have had a diaper rash EVER, I truly believe it's because of these wipes! My first born spit up all the time and when wiped the pampers pure wipes with my mouth it tasted awful, I'm sure my baby would think the same thing. I could put these wipes in her mouth and know she wasn't tasting any chemical products. We don't buy anything else! Worth the $They're so soaking wet I have to wring them out every time. If I wanted to do that, I would just wet a cloth in the sink. And the packaging stinks too.

Anyway, if you get this to avoid diaper rash, be prepared to spend a lot of time fanning your little one dry or you'll be making the problem worse!I used chlorine free wipes in the past and always thought it was odd that there were BABY wipes marketing themselves as being chlorine free. Shouldnt all baby products not have chlorine in them? So when my baby was due I did some deeper research and came across this brand. Let me save you the time and let you know these are the best. Each wipe is so moist you end up using less wipes for clean up and they wont irritate your little one. Plus it's all water with a tiny bit of essential oil. Other wipes have that nasty smell which screams chemicals and perfumes! Umm yea I don't want to put perfume on my babies private parts. I trust these wipes, it's the only thing I'll use on my baby.You can tell that the wipes are cut to be folded together, so when you pull one out the next one comes with it... Like most wipes. But for some odd reason, these wipes are stacked just one on top of the other, so each wipe has to be searched for to pull apart from the stack. This is incredibly annoying when you're trying to change a diaper with a fussy baby in the middle of the night.Compared to my previous stock, the size of the wipes shrunk. They still get the job done as we are using them as makeup remover wipes. My daughter has sensitive eyes and used to frequently get styes. These are soft and effective, and great for her sensitive eyes.These are NOT unscented. I’ve been using Water Wipes exclusively for over 2 years as they are the ONLY wipes that don’t irritate my son. When I was down to a few packs I ordered another case (as normal). Tonight I needed to refill our wipes dispenser & opened the package. I immediately could smell a chemical scent. I opened our travel package of the old wipes to compare & I was right. Strong chemical scent. I’ve been ordering these from amazon for years & now I’m not sure I’ll continue to. I have an entire case of wipes I can’t use for my son.These are the best wipes for newborn skin. It’s worth all the rave and hype. I used this exclusively for my daughter uNail she was about 7 months. Now that she’s a bit older, her skin is better able to tolerate cheaper wipes. But as a newborn, when I tried to switch to something cheaper (pampers sensitive) it gave her a diaper rash. So I say this is definitely worth the splurge on delicate newborn/infant skin.They used to be big, soft and with no scent this new box the wipes are smaller, tougher and have an unpleasant smell. I am disappointed in the change.When the pandemic started to rise, I said I better order some wipes (I live in a remote village so ordering on line is like going to the store) I had to keep scrolling till I found available wipes, because for like three pages of scrolling most bulk wipes were "currently unavailable" so I had to keep scrolling. So I stumble upon these water wipes. And I just love them! They are so soft, I would actually prefer these over huggies or Pampers.At first I really wanted to hate these wipes they are so small and were really wet but they grew on me the smallness isn't an issue after learning best ways to use them and they get my baby really clean with how damp they are. They don't have any smell either which I love, because nothing is worse than baby poop and artificial fragrance.I love these wipes. I use them myself and have sensitive skin. I also bought them to use on my baby. I read the reviews before deciding on these wipes, I’m not sure why they are being drug so badly. I’ve had no negative reactions. Will update if that changes.My daughter has sensitive skin and eczema. We noticed that will all the popular brands and store brand wipes by the end of the day her bum would be red and start to breakout, even with the use of diaper creams. I even used all sensitive without perfumes it didn't matter. So as usually I took to the web and thankfully I ran across a blog where parents had the same issue and they recommended these wipes. Unfortunately, no stores in the area I live in Macon, GA or when we visited Columbia, SC carried this brand. I was lucky to find it at Walgreens in SC one time, so I have to order online. I usually order from Amazon.com but there is another website that carries it but with amazon you have the option of how many you want to purchase. They are of good quality, never torn while using and leaves my baby's bum rash/red free! I love them. They are super moist. Easy to remove one at a time from packaging.Do not buy.
They are so soaked literally dripping water. Since using my daughter got a rash and seems uncomfortable. I stopped using as soon as I noticed and she's already doing better switching back to Huggies natural care.

Tried the wipe on my face and it literally felt like my face was burning. Something wrong with this box or maybe this entire brand.Been using WaterWipes on our newborn for 7 months now. We switched to this product after she developed some diaper rash at the very beginning. There is no apparent smell or chemicals on the wipes and appears very gentle on the skin; I can tell by wiping my face with WaterWipes brand versus Kirkland (Costco) Brand and others. The material of the wipes also appear to be more durable and does not tear as easy when compared to brands such as Huggies.

One major downside is that it is quite expensive; roughly twice the cost of other wipes. If your baby does not have a sensitive skin like ours then I would suggest the more economic alternative, e.g. Kirkland and Huggies. Another downside is the packaging does not have a durable lid that you can open and close roughly.

Overall, I still rate this 5 out of 5 because the wipes are very good for sensitive skin.When they say these wipes are wet, they mean it. They are good and wet and, as long as you use the sticky tab to close it (or just set a small object on top of it if the tab wears off) every last one will be not just 'moist' - they will be wet. Made with "99.9% water with a drop of fruit extract" they are natural and of decent size so that they can be used for a variety of purposes. (Made in Ireland)Things we like about these wipes: Minimal ingredients, easy on skin and baby bottoms, thinness makes them easy to get into all the baby creases and crevices!

Things we dislike: a bit pricey (but worth it to us), they are not interlocked with each other so you have to pull each one out which can be annoying. (I usually just pull a few out ahead of time so they’re ready).I love these wipes hands down the best ones I have ever used on my little one. Cannot recommend enough. They stay moist and happen to be sturdy while soft and hypoallergenic. Which is SUPER important as my little one has such sensitive skin.These are wonderful and gentle on our little ones sensitive tooshie. She hardly cried anymore while cleaning her up with a diaper rash. I just wish they were a bit bigger and easier to dispense out of the package. You have to unfold each one to use it... Not very convenient when you're trying to quickly clean up poop from a squirmy toddler.I have been buying these for my grandson since the day he was born. I think those are the best baby wipes I’ve ever used. I’ve had no problem with any irritation any roughness on the wipes it is very gentle and will be continue using it forever.I absolutely love water wipes! They seem like more money but you save so much by how much less you need! They clean up all the messes sticky runny you name it these wipes get the job done for my little one! Worth it when your little one is kicking and you don't have time to wipe and scrub a million times trying to get them clean!The only type of wipes we buy for personal use! Thick, soft, and very moist. The selling point for me is the lack of chemicals. I work in a neonatal intensive care unit and they are the only wipes we allow to touch those fragile wee-ones skin. Those babies can't handle exposure to the chemicals typically found in other wipes brands. They are not meant to be flushed, which might be a drawback for some of you. One thing I would change, have a rigid opening to make pulling each wipe out a bit easier. I find myself sometimes unintentionally pulling two or three wipes out at a time, then restuffing them back in. A small price to pay for peace of mind with minimizing exposure to chemicals.It’s great to find a wipe that is free of all of the obnoxious ingredients (perfumes and chemicals), but it’s pluses are, unfortunately, offset by the fact that this wipe is not flushable and will take some time to break down in a landfill; this fact alone will prevent me from buying Water Wipes regularly; please consider using your great moistening formula on a paper based wipe that easily biodegrades and is practical for the earth.Liked these at first but after using them a while they became too slippery sliding and not really any grip to them. I also take them out of the package and keep them in a wet wipe warmer and I noticed when you pull one out they don’t connect with the lady wet wipe and I have to reach my hand down in there every time. I liked how they were water based and could use them anywhere but due to the things I listed above I most likely will not be using these wipes anymore. I’d like if they had more grip to them. Honestly would probably buy them to keep in the car and clean hands and around the mouth when needed but that’s it.These suck. Whether you it them in a warmer or leave them in the package they come in .. they aren’t east to get out. They come out one at a time instead of how other wipes are kinda connected ~enough to at least get a few in a hurry. Also they are soaking wet like super gross . I have to squeeze some of the water out Endor spitting in on her or everything is wet... disgusting. The packs are skinny and just so not worth it.These are really true to their name, WATER wipes. Great for personal use, but I'd prefer to use "baby wipes" for the babies, these were kinda hard to use on the kids cause they were so liquidy and hard to wipe with. But for myself in the bathroom, I prefer these versus baby wipes. They feel like they clean me really well after I use the bathroom. Soft, enough liquid to clean.These are the most amazing wipes ever! Started using them at a friend's recommendation when our baby got a horrible case of diaper rash - all the sensitive versions of other brands of wipes we'd tried were still making her howl they burned so badly. These are pretty much pure water but they still work just as great as any other wipe we've tried - even after her rash cleared up we kept using them as our daily diaper change wipes. Because they're just water they're also great for wiping off faces, hands, etc. I also love that they don't have any smell to them - even the "unscented" versions in other brands have a strange chemically smell to them - these leave no residue, don't smell weird, and don't make baby cry when her skin's irritated - they win all the way around!This is the best baby wipes I could find for my nrwborns delicate skin. I initially purchased the Pampers sensitive but that still contained harsh chemicals that gave my baby a diaper rash. This was the only wipe I could find that was mostly free of any harmful chemicals and comes closest to cloth and water. The wipe is soft and fairly thick, and cleans up baby bottom pretty well. Only negative (which doesn't even bother me) is that the wipes don't separate easy but I grab the wipes first and have them ready before I undo the little ones diaper. No biggie and totally worth having something gentle on your baby's skin. I've also started using this myself since I ended up with a horrible itchy rash to the Cottonelle wipes which I later learned contained an ingredient that many develop allergic reactions to. Since using this wipe myself, all itchiness subsided.Tried multiple wipes for my child; a few that even caused skin irritations. Once I switched to this wipe it all went away. Only 2 ingredients: water and fruit extract. No funny ingredients you cant pronounce. This is the only wipe I'll be using.I enjoy knowing that these wipes do not contain many chemicals or ingredients. However, the wipes themselves are made from a weird material. They are almost mesh and can be difficult to wipe things up. These wipes are quite spendy, and I would expect them to be better for the price.The new wipes tear quite easily. I am sure this done as a cost saving measure due to supply chains. The wipes are also slightly smaller than the previous onesThese are textured on one side and that side is the side to use when wiping. They slip often and tend to smear rather than wipe. Although they are gentle you have to be somewhat rough in order to seriously wipe anything. I personally don’t like them for my son but I’m sure if he were more sensitive I’d appreciate that aspect.These wipes are the BEST wipes on the planet! My little ones would break out even with sensitive wipes. I was at my wits end. I stumbled upon these wipes and gave it shot. To my amazement they turned out to be the most fresh, clean, soft and non irritating wipes in the world!! Total game changer.I am a permanent makeup artist.. I focus on Ombre powder and I use these water wipes to wipe pigment off my client’s skin as I tattoo them. They are scentless and super soft & have never irritated any of my client’s skin!I love these wipes. They are the only ones that I'll buy. My kids don't have particularly sensitive skin; the reason I like these wipes is that they are quite moist which, for me, is a plus particularly when cleaning up poopy diapers, sticky fingers or other random child related messes. Also, because they are so moist, they don't dry out completely if you accidentally forget to re-seal the package. I also like that they have no fragrance. My only complaint is that they don't always dispense well when trying to pull out wipes with one hand which is why I only give this product 4 out of 5 stars.I love, love, love Water Wipes! I truly believe that they are the safest, most innocuous wipes on the market today. Since birth they are the only brand of wipes I have ever used on my toddler. Shy of an unbleached soft organic cloth moistened with purified water or artesional water I can't imagine that there is anything more safe for sensitive skin. I absolutely love the peace of mind this product gives me- I know I can use them to wipe a baby's little nose or my toddler's mouth with no worries about chemicals or nasty toxic preservatives. That is because all that these wipes contain is 0.1% grapefruit extract & 99% water. I plan to keep these on hand well past childhood as their safety is unsurpassed and applications endless!
***UPDATE, MARCH 30th 2016***
I downgraded my previous 5 star rating to two stars. I am so incredibly angry about the decrease in the size. No words could really do justice to how disappointed I feel with the company for doing this but I will do my best. I am very upset for two reasons: 1- decreasing the size while keeping the price the same (which IMO now renders them way overpriced), and 2- for not forewarning their customers about the change. I have been buying these wipes for four years now, on subscribe and save for as long as they have been available on the program, prior to that on Amazon as a regular item, and before THAT on diapers.com.
There was a time that I would have scoured the ends of the earth for these things, now... not so much. I never much minded in the past lathering one of these up for big poopy jobs & removing 3 or 4 at a time folding them in half to ready for the cleaning job that lie ahead PRIOR to removing a diaper because they are not fan-folded like a box of tissues, (as other reviewers have complained). I also never minded that the shipments were REPEATEDLY DELAYED because I was paranoid about running out and always have an extra 12 packages or so stashed away, that I rotate FIFO style. I didn't EVEN get worried or waver in my support when others complained of mold in their packages, (saw the pictures & believe it happened, but still remained loyal). HOWEVER, THE DECRASE IN SIZE, WITHOUT FOREWARNING AND KEEPING THE PRICE THE SAME, I FEEL, IS JUST COMPLETELY AND BLATANTLY TAKING ADVANTAGE OF CUSTOMERS! If given a choice I would rather the pay more for the same, size, quality and ingredients that my family and I had come to love; I would gladly pay 10% more than I have been, or thereabouts, for the same, unchanged/ original product.
So to Edward McCloskey, "WaterWipes Creator," (per writing on the packaging), and Irish Breeze Ltd : I hope it was worth it, I sincerely hope that whatever profit increases or other benefits reaped by the decrease in size of this once wonderful product is really worth it for you. They may now count me as one of their many defunct, once staunchly loyal customers, because I now have the motivation to do something I have been wanting to do for four years now- make my OWN wipes. April will be my last subscribe and save purchase ever. Irish Breeze has made too many errors with this product and to now add insult to injury by taking advantage of their customers is just to much for me!I've tried a bunch of wipes: Hello Bello, huggies, pampers, etc. None of them even compare to these Water Wipes. These wipes are wet and actually clean his bum! The other wipes are always dry and you have a use a bunch of them to get a good clean bum. I only buy water wipes and they are amazing...they even stay nice and wet in a wipe warmer. They don't have any scent and there is no residue or sticky feeling, it truly is just water on a wipe. Some people complain that there is no texture on the wipe to help you clean their bum but you don't need any texture on this wipe because the amount of water on the wipe does the work for you. I truly love these wipes and will only buy these! I do wish they came in a better "container" because I don't love the plastic flap to open and close, but I will deal. Also they don't interfold each other so when you pull one, the next doesn't automatically pull out. So before I change him I always pull a few out so I'm never without a wipe, mid change.I dont have babies, but found these wipes are more durable than other name brands. So i turned them into bleach wipes using CDC recommended bleach to water ration, place enough into the baby wipes BE SURE TO MARK THEY HAVE BLEACH. DO NOT USE ON BABIES and you have bleach wipes that are more cost effective than paying name brand prices and last longer to wipe down store carts, handles etvI have used these wipes with both babies. Both of my babies have extremely sensitive skin and break out easily. They have many allergies and it is hard finding products that work. These have exceeded expectations. They wipe well, keep well, always feel damp, don’t dry out, and are amazing for sensitive skin, never had a problem with these.i was skeptical seeing people say these are not real water wipes. they are, they just changed their packaging and everyone freaked out. it is indeed water wipes! i love these wipes for my baby. its the only wipe i have found that doesnt have a soapy feel and the wipe is not rough or textured. each wipe is super wet and it feels like its just pure water. i use way less wipes when i use these cuz one wipe will do the job. its also great for when your baby has a diaper rash. its super gentle.These wipes are horrible! Too wet, try to clean babies butt in winter with these, my baby cried every time because these are too wet and get too cold. Also, the packaging is prety bad, its very difficult to get a wipe out and its too loud which makes it impossible to use these wipes at night when you need to be quick and quiet. Other wipes have also 99% water and are much more convinient, like huggies wipes, 1000% better!These wipes smell like chemicals, are harder and just horrible. Have been using these wipes for years. This case of wipes is very different and is not consistent with the way the company manufactures their product.I love these wipes. Even though other brands say "unscented", they're still scented, but not these. I feel clean and safe to wipe our faces with them. They don't pull out as easy as some other dispensing wipes, but I don't find it an issue. These are definitely worth the extra money.I have been using water wipes for years but these are not the kind I usually get. The design was different, they reek of chemicals, harder to separate and not soft. I will not be purchasing these againBest wipes I have used, wish I would have known about these when we had our first daughter. I've been using these wipes with our second daughter since she was about 5/6 months because I was tired of the slimy residue pampers sensitive would leave on her bum and she is rash prone. Happy to say that these wipes definitely get the job done! They are very moist and once you get to the end of the pack they get really watery, I don't mind it but some parents might. They are also a little bit hard to get out of the packaging because sometimes the bunch up and they aren't as thick or big as their counterparts BUT they are great wipes and absolutely love them. They get the job done and it makes me happy to know that I don't have to worry about any extra residue left on my daughter's skin. I highly recommend these wipes, 100%The new wipes are completely different wipes. They are smaller and a different material. Unfortunately I had to cancel my subscription and will be in the market for new ones. Loved this brand for many years and sad to see that the brand has changed the quality. Seems like everything nowadays is becoming poor quality and pricey.I love these wipes. I originally purchased them out of desperation because my infant developed a horrible diaper rash, and we weren’t sure of the cause. I don’t know which change helped the most - water wipes, consistent drying and use of zinc oxide diaper cream, or using a name-brand diaper rather than a store brand - but I think these wipes are fantastic so they’re here to stay in our house.

I’ve used several brands of wipes, but I feel like these have a much fresher/better smell (less chemical-like), are far softer than most alternatives, and may actually be worth the astronomical price. At least in our household they are.

One downside that I’d like to see remedied with the wipes is that the way they are packaged, we cannot use them in our wipe warmer because they are not folded into each other. If I pull one wipe out, I have to open the entire warmer again to pull a new wipe out. So, the wipe warmer doesn’t get used anymore in our home.I used to buy these baby wipes for both my kids, as they have very sensitive skin. I have never had an issue with the product. However I will no longer be purchasing the water wipes, the product has changed it contains “traces of Benzalkonium Chloride”. My has an awful reaction to the so called “traces”.

The product is falsely advertises 99.9% water and .1% grapefruit seed extract.These wipes are just not worth the money and I don't care how pure it is. Pureness and expensiveness aside, the wipes themselves are smaller than the average wipes and the worst part is that it doesn't clean very well. Other wipes absorb the urine/poop where as this wipe has that cheap hotel soap feeling with that squeakiness. It just doesn't feel clean at all. The wipes are also rougher than other wipes and my baby actually cried when I tried it on her a few times.

Unless your baby is ultra sensitive, regular wipes will do. The Costco wipes are 10x better at half the price. Save your money. I'm now using it as a surface wipe for furniture.Better than any of the main brands for diaper rash. We have used these with 3 kids and prefer these over everyone else. The scents and chemicals used in many brands(even the sensitive ones) have caused redness and rashes for our kids. These are simple wipes that get the job done without causing extra harm. Really makes me wonder why does a baby wipe need scents or chemicals in the first place.So excited there is finally something chemical free available for my little one. These wipes work just as well as the others, they are very soft & the best part non toxic. The package is quiet for new parents to open & close if their little one is sleepy or tired. We used to purchase a different more green brand ( not as all as clean with the ingriedienta as these) and those wipes are the loudest to open & close! It’s something you would never ever think of as a new parent, but when you have 3 boxes stuffed of them from your baby shower it’s really good to know. Baby can rest thru a change with these no problem :)We've mainly used Kirkland brand wipes but due to Covid we haven't been able to get any so I thought I'd try these since they're more natural. My son has never had sensitive skin or any issues with his bum, but after using these for not even a week his bum was red raw and he was crying every time he needed a diaper change. We stopped using them and bought Honest wipes since we still couldn't get a hold of his usual brand and his bum is now okay.Before covid-19, we used these routinely in our bath and beauty products shop, after handling money in cash sales. They were also great for wiping off some small chalkboards that we used to advertise products. Customers who tried samples of lotion and perfume also liked them because they were very gentle. Sadly, the shop is closed, and I imagine we will go to a harsher hand sanitizer product when we reopen.I have tried pretty much every "natural", Organic", "semi-organic", "sensitive" or claiming to be non-toxic wipe on the market. This one is my favorite. The reason I like it better than the others is because it is what it says it is. There isn't much more to this wipe than the wipe and the water used to wet it and therefore, it doesn't cause redness, rashes, or irritation. Even on the face. I really can use this wipe anywhere on my baby's body. Furthermore, there is no offensive smell, it is not overly wet, and the size of the individual wipe is appropriate for dealing with a major toddler mess or newborn diaper blow out. My only problem with the wipes is that they do not come out easily from the package. You try to pull out one and you will get half the package. I would highly suggest that anyone who has a child with sensitive skin or diaper rash problems try this brand.Old brand was better but that new design has chlorideWe used these wipes for the first seven weeks of our baby’s life and I am disgusted that we did. I always thought they smelled a little musty but didn’t dwell on it. Then we pulled this pack out of the box and I wanted to vomit.

Besides the mold, I would still review these poorly because they are thin, small and do not feed sensibly when you are pulling them out of the pack. I can’t stand that they don’t feed for one-handed extraction.Great to have some wipes that aren't full of mystery chemicals. The only additive in these is used in the processing of the soapberries and according to the company, is only found in trace amounts in the final product. I have very sensitive skin and these have worked well with no reactions. Apparently the chemicals in normal baby wipes are known by dermatologists to cause acne too.I do not have any babies. I simply buy these because they are great for wiping anything (that you don’t need disinfected, of course). You can use these to wipe your face, wipe up spills, wipe the bottom of your feet to clean them, literally anything because they are 99% water. I needed a value pack that didn’t have a TON, but had more than 3. Cake packages very well.We love these. I just wish they were more affordable compared to similar wipes.We love these wipes. We first bought them on Amazon because of the coupon making them cheaper than Wally world.
The other wipes have more chemicals in them that irritate our little ones bum. But the waterwipes do not.

We only pick these up on Amazon if wally world is out as they are cheaper locally.I use these for camping. No scent at all. Big enough to hold in two hands for a good face wash, then work my way down to feet. Other large body wipes leave me sticky and smell weird. Wish I knew about these sooner.I love these wipes. I keep them handy for a variety of uses. In the car for quick cleanups. At my bedside for cleaning my hands and face. They are simply water with a little citrus for preservation. No smell, not sticky, and they don’t evaporate easily. I can add a few drops of essential oil for scent, or add alcohol for hand disinfection. I use them on my face, too. Great for baby and kids cleanup! Love them!Great wipes for everyday use, that are both gentle and clean well. Though I do have some wipes on hand with a little texture if 'stuff' really gets caked, I prefer these for everyday use as they are very gentle on my baby girl's skin. There is no scent, which I love. They are well moistened and easily stay moist in the resealable package.I first ordered these during COVID-19 lock-down because I couldn't get the wipes we normally use and I will never go back to my old wipes. My son dealt with ongoing diaper rash. Creams would help but it never completely went away. After a few days of using these wipes, his diaper rash was completely gone. I still use cream occasionally, but for the most part it's a thing of the past. These wipes are great for babies with sensitive skin.I really wanted to love this product. I’m all about natural and as little ingredients in things especially when it comes to my littles.

I decided to give these wipes a try.

I like:
-there’s only a couple ingredients

I dislike:
-small compared to the brand I bought previously
-a little too watery for me
-too thin (think those nice newborn and infant poops)
-pricey

Verdict:
I will go back to using previous brand.These wipes work very well as long as you are not allergic to benzalkonium chloride (one of the top ten skin allergens). Unfortunately, I am allergic to it and using this made me break out. If you are not concerned about this possible allergy, then you will probably love these as they clean better than most wipes on the market.Great value in a multipack. I use these on my cats who are prone to accidents. Nothing in there to hurt them and if needed can be rinsed off and used with gentle soap or pet shampoo for a thorough clean. My only complaint is the sticker closure never stays shut. I keep something weighted on top to keep the hood shut.I order these regularly on top of the baby wipes i normally get. I like to use these to clean the baby's face and hands especially after a diaper change. They really clean well and smell good compared to a regular baby wipeI love the minimal list of ingredients and how moist these wipes are. Been using these since day 1 and so far no skin irritation or rashes. They’re standard sizes but I feel like one wipe goes a long way. My issue is the packaging. It’s almost Impossible to pull out one wipe at a time which is so wasteful.Simple, few ingredients and work well. We use honest company diapers and wipes but bought these to have some extra wipes. They work well, decent wetness too them and little to nothing in them which is why we bought these for our newborn baby. Only complaint is that they can get stuck together and come out in a clump (which is a common occurance when you are using one hand to get the wipes out). I know other brands make cases to put on top or containers to put these in to help with that problem so maybe we just need to get one so they wont get stuck together on us any more. They seem to be very gentle and have not cause a rash or anything and we feel happy knowing we are not adding chemicals to our sweet baby's skin!My family is a consistent consumer of water wipes and I am extremely satisfied. My toddler has had severe allergies since birth and water wipes has been a faithful companion through it all. As well, I suffer from chemical allergies myself and I have found water wipes gentle and helpful for me to use too. I have bought tons of water wipes packages and have only found one damaged single pack. I have found the products consistent in satisfaction.I agree with the other recent reviewers that they changed the formula. These wipes are now drier, rougher, and have a more "chemical" like smell to them, though they make it difficult to tell that they changed/added anything. My daughter now has a rash. Super upsetting.These are just ok. I love the concept of almost only water, but they're way too wet and not enough texture. Is hard to get off all the poo on my baby's bum. She ended up getting diaper rash from too much moisture on her butt. We're new parents, so it took us a minute to realize we have to dry her with a cloth after using these. Anyway, only use them when we have to. Much prefer Honest wipes for their texture, thickness and more moderate dampness.Have you ever used a traditional baby wipe? Though I usually used wash cloths with my kids, I also used wipes and when I tried themselves on myself one day my backside stung like the devil had chapped it.

And so when my teen wanted baby wipes for whatever teens use wipes for I bought these thinking the ingredients would be better than whatever stung my booty so many years ago. Sure enough, my daughter really likes them.Excellent all around product! I feel comfortable using these on my child's sensitive skin and face! The packaging gets a bit flimsy near the end of the wipe package; the lid won't stay closed. It can be hard to grab one wipe at a time, sometimes 5 come out (but that is a criticism of most wipes).

If you are changing a poopy diaper, I recommend taking a few of these out of the package beforehand, so you aren't struggling to get them out when you most need them! On the whole, these are the only wipes I will ever use!I'm not sure that there is much else needed here for a wipe. Simple product.

The only con is - the wipes seem to stick together a bit, kind of hard to get one out at once while juggling an unhappy baby. But, it could be worse. It's not so bad. I'll deduct a star for it. I always seem to pull out two or three, despite my best efforts to pull just one, several pull out at the same time.

Pros:

- Don't cause any irritation
- The packs are well sized, probably last for a week or so
- Good and moist, so I can really wipe off poo / pee effectively

They do their job. so I overall don't have any real cons except that I cannot seem to pull one at a time. I just end up putting some back in later though.WaterWipes are great tor my 6 month old baby’s sensitive skin. And definitely worth the extra money. We previously tried major brands of wipes that were more affordable, and labeled unscented and for sensitive skin, but always ended up seeing diaper rash in a day or two. (And then spent more money on costly diaper rash creams!). These are the next best thing to—and so much easier than—washing my babies bottom with water (hats off to new moms who actually have time for that!!!)We love these for my son who has very sensitive skin they are of course a little bit more expensive and some other brands. The only thing that I do not like about this brand is how the wipes come out of the package some thing that the company should look intoMy son had severe eczema. It has gotten a lot better after quite a few changes we’ve made and one of them is this product. I can’t rave enough about the quality of these wipes. Everything in them is all natural. The wipes themselves are nice. A bit on thinner side but that doesn’t bother me. The only change I wish I could make was that they had a thick plastic snap close on top. The sticky thin plastic film thends to lose its stick after multiple uses. That being said though the wipes never seem to dry out even if it’s lightly closed.These are very very moist wipes. I’ve tried a couple different wipes for my baby who is 3 months now, the buggies cocoa butter are good too but these are amazing. Got them in my registry box and fell in love. Great for number twos and just making me feel like he’s super clean down there to keep any rashes away!I am a subscriber to these wipes on amazon for convenience. I like the wipes and the ingredients . After several months of deliveries I got a moldy damaged box. I was on the fence about what to do since I didn’t know if the wipes inside would be useable but I returned the box because I didn’t want to risk wiping mold on my baby. I was really surprised when a few months later I got another moldy damaged box. I don’t understand how people are not checking for this before shipping. It’s gross and after looking over the reviews on here I see I’m not the only one this happened to.Picture this: the phone is ringing, the dog is barking at the new neighbors, you have spit up in your hair, and the coffee machine is broken...and you have one hand holding up the legs of a VERY adorable baby so that their poop smeared butt doesn't get all over the changing table, and the other hand is reaching for a wet wipe to clean up that VERY adorable baby butt.

BUTT....

Because the wipes are not nested, the next one has not popped up and is not ready to go. You are stuck to dig around the package with one hand, hoping to get a single wipe - and instead grabbing a cluster of three. Your baby starts to squirm as you're shaking and trying to separate the wipes with one hand.

Please, I beg you - PLEASE nest your wipes. I want to open the bag and have the next one popped up like a kleenex ready to go! You would earn a customer for life!I started using these because my niece had super sensitive skin. I liked them so much, I now include them in new baby gift baskets. Cleans well without irritating skin. Can be extremely wet at times but otherwise excellent product.Extremely happy with these wipes. With my last baby these did not exist so I would spend time making my own by cutting a paper towel roll in half and then mixing various natural ingredients: Dr Bronners Castile soap, aloe vera, witch hazel etc. Took awhile so it's nice to have this option and I'm glad more people are becoming aware of these greedy companies putting all sorts of CHEMICALS IN BABY PRODUCTS!!! 🤬I lived that this wipe came in the bulk option, was reasonably priced, held up well to major accidents both #1 and #2 clean ups, they were wet enough and had ABSOLUTELY NO IRRITANTS.

Our baby's skin never got rash from this as it's just water with mnimal other ingredients.

I've heard some complain of molding and I myself saw this at the end of a pack once however since then, I have stores mine in the freezer and bring down to the fridge section Bly when we are running low and need to start a new set.

I took off a star because they should keep better in heat... However the reason why I like them is because they have little to no preservatives to begin with.

I get this in a regular basis.Really wet, thick, & durable unlike other water wipes. Majority of the time I can take out 1 @ time instead 10 & have 2 stuff them bck in2 the package. Also, our child hasn't had any rashes from us using it, so what are you waiting for?My newborn girl developed a diaper rash after only a few days of using another "all natural organic" wipe brand. I tried diaper rash creams which helped but did not solve the problem. I also started making sure my daughter's skin is completely dry before putting a new dialer on but this hard as the liquid from the wipes would linger. I also realized the wipes I was using had so many ingredients and might be too harsh on a newborns skin.

I was correct. As soon as switched to these water wipes I could smell the difference. My daughters bum started looking so much better on day one. Now 5 days later her skin is no longer red and does not look inflamed.

I also feel comfortable using them on her face and to even wipe her eyes. These wipes are so gentle. I love them.As another review-er posted, these now contain chemicals.(chloride) I used to buy these because they were chemical free, but I am looking for an alternative now. Homemade maybe? I could smell the chemical when I opened the pack of wipes and knew something was different. So unfortunate.They caused severe skin irritation within 3 days of use on a newborn. They are not “just water and a drip of fruit extract”. If you read the small footnote in the package it also has Benzalkonium chloride which can cause skin irritation, chemical burn and allergic reaction. The company is predator and a liar.We used these with our first and now with our second. Both are sensitive (other brands would give them rashes, i didn’t like the scents, etc.).
With our second we tried the Kirkland hyper allergenic wipes but they too were too strong (I tested them out on myself on my face and redness ensued everywhere).
These are totally worth it. Avoid the rashes and redness and just buy and subscribe.This is one of the best wipes on the market. I learned about them working extremely well with children (both with&without sensitive skin) initially, but they can do so much more!!

They are able to remove stains, like a tide stick but without the potent after-smell of cleaner, from clothing/material items. I use them every day as a makeup remover or daily facial/body wipe. They work well as multipurpose surface wipes(walls, counters, bathtubs, sinks, etc); ive even used them on finished wood as a dust cloth. They even removed the stain & scent of spilled milk from the floor of my car!! BEST OF ALL THEY ARE PET FRIENDLY, as the only contain water and .1% grapeseed oil!

Their current packaging has improved a lot as well, which was very much appreciated. Overall, phenomenal product!I have used all sorts of non chemical wipes and found these to be far superior than everything else. The paper doesn't start falling apart when you use it so it wipes really clean. The texture and feel is soft, moistness is perfect, seal on the pack stays put until i'm finished with the pack, and it's easy to open one handed when you have a squirmy poopy baby. My only concern is that they may not be as biodegradable as other wipes (the wipes remind me a dryer sheets when dry). I buy these by the case. Love that they have no chemicals or smell.It’s difficult to remove them one by one. We are paying premium prices for these wipes and you guys can’t figure out a way in the packaging to make it easier to pull one out. I pull one out and 3 or more come out. As the supply runs low they all come out. Picture this - you’re trying to change a diaper at night as quickly as possible, your baby is crying and these wipes keeps bundling up together. So you have to pull each one out with two hands. Then it is difficult to find the end of one so you can pull it off the bundle. It’s like looking for the end of clear tape. My baby also had a rash. Overall, these are not worth the premium price.I love these wipes - they smell great and feel great. I don't have to wonder what toxic chemicals I am putting on my babies. However, the biggest issue with these wipes is that they don't dispense well or conveniently at all. So frustrating. You try to get a wipe out of the package and you can't grab one. If you manage to get one out, a bunch will get stuck together so you pull out 2 or 3 and then you have to shake one loose but now you have a bunch of wipes out of the package. This is a problem when you have a squirming child, a dirty diaper, and only one free hand. Otherwise this wipe would get 5 stars. I wish Waterwipes would figure this out!!I wanted to love the water wipes so bad! My baby has very sensitive skin and I have been trying many different brands of wipes to see what works best for her. I loved the fact that there aren't harsh chemicals in the water wipes, and no perfume! My baby's skin did not get irritated with these wipes. However, I had to use twice as many wipes to get the job done as opposed to other brands. Also, I hate the packaging! I had to wrestle to get wipes out with every diaper change while securing an infant at the same time. Then I'd end up pulling out a handful of wipes at once. I'm not sure I'll continue to buy these wipes as it is very pricey and a pain to use.Defiantly nice and wet wipes. Compared to other wipes that just seem to be kind of damp but dry and dont remove poo as easliy. The water wipes you dont have to be aggressive. You can get the job done in less wipes.
The main thing i love is this truley is the purest wipe. No b.s. ingredients going on my babys bottom.These are becoming one the things I would need with me on a desert island. I use these for diaper changes (he's had 2 diaper rashes in 2 years, when I had to use other brands), wiping down strollers, cleaning car seats after carsickness, cleaning kitchen counters, cleaning bathroom counters and sinks, for my dog's paws and behinds after walks, if any of us need a wipe down during a hot, sweaty day, as a wet nap for messy foods, to wipe and soak up urine, vomit or feces from a carpet or hard floor, and literally anything else. These are the best deal I have ever found on them on any site or in any store. I don't know what I would do if I never discovered these.Love the ingredients, just water and a drop of grape seed oil. The wipes are very strong too. Other wipes i tear in half, but these dont want to tear at all. The folding seems to be messed up. Other wipes will lift out of the package one at a time with the next wipe lifted by the the one you just puled so there is an edge to grab. These wipes you have to dig to get ahold of one and it pulls a second folded into it, and does not lift the edge of the next wipe, so you have to dig it up again.These work pretty good as water wipes, but I am a bit concerned with the use of any type of chloride in a product that I use on my skin. They are a bit smaller than other wipes, as well. The biggest problem I have when trying to use them is that because they are smaller there is no overlap and often the cut edge is somewhere beyond the opening and difficult to find. I'll be looking for something else when this case is finished.I’ve seen Water Wipes promoted on many different Instagram handles and similar social media platforms so decided to give them a try. They are unscented and do not contain any unnatural additives but my biggest qualm with Water Wipes is the packaging. When changing a squirmy baby, I want to have one hand free for my daughter and the other hand to grab wipes. I’ve had the issue with bunches of wipes coming out of the package all at one time or not easily separating. The convenience of these wipes is just not there and I would likely considering buying them more often if the packaging were a bit more practical. That being said, they are nice and moist, no strong scents, and soft enough to get the job done.This is my favorite brand of baby wipes, and the BEST I have used so far. My local Target store is CONSTANTLY running out of stock on these wipes for a reason! They are safe and free of ALL chemicals, which also makes it great for sensitive skin!

Even though my daughter has been out of diapers for a while, I still purchase this brand to wipe her booty from time to time. I also use these wipes to wipe her hands when we are on the go, and there is no sink nearby.

These wipes have been consistently good, whether I purchase them on Amazon or Target, I will never find any mold in them at all. It's worth paying more for these wipes. I just wish I would have found them much sooner -- like years sooner.I bought these with the intention of using "pure and natural" ingredients for my daughters body, but these wipes do not work as well as you would hope. When pulling the out of the package they are so soaked with water that you end up pulling out about 5 at a time since they stick together. I just end up using them to clean up my kitchen and the house because they are such a pain to use on my daughters bum! When she makes a bowel movement and I use them to wipe her, they dont even pick up the fecal matter, instead they spread the poop around with each wipe that it just turns the poop into a ball. I TRIED EMAILING THE COMPANY but I DID NOT get an email back... so much for trying to give my baby a natural product.So my wife accidentally bought these wipes and for the price I really don’t like them for two
Main reasons. 1) whenever you pull out of wipe it doesn’t catch the next one well and you have to dig to get the next one. 2) they’re way more expensive than Amazon brand water wipesAfter extensive research, these have been the ONLY disposable wipes I have used, and will ever use, on my kids & newborn. I started using resusable bamboo wipes with homemade solution on a warmer which baby loves... but around the house, baby bag etc I keep these. I'm very happy I purchased this box, since my local Target always sells out on these water wipes (if - IF- I am lucky I may find 1 or no more than 2 bags, but a lot of times they run out & have none ). On a recent visit from my mom, I gifted her a bag to take back home. She is currently caregiver of my grandmother who suffers from Alzheimer's, & so happends they have been struggling with diaper rash. I realize this product is not only great for babies but also elderly. Needless to say... Bingo! Problem with grandma solved!

These are the only wipes I would ever recommend.My kid hated me wiping off his face after meals or when he was sick when i used traditional baby wipes. Maybe it was the scent or maybe it was the formula that stung, but he would fight getting wiped down. He actually tolerates it with these WaterWipes. SUPER helpful on crusty nose goblins. RECOMMEND: if you carry a pack in your diaper bag, put it inside a zippered plastic bag or a plastic shopping bag. These wipes store a LOT of liquid, and if loose in your bag, can soak everything.I love that these are made with water and plant extract. Perfect for my children that have super sensstive skin. They are extreemly moist.... normally you'd grab 3-4 other brand wipes, with Water Wipes I only grab 1 or 2. Obviously more if its poo diaper. One downfall is that the wipes are not connected or intertwined so they dont pop up. I have learned that I get the wipes out prior to starting a changing. And if iI place my finger on top of the wipes and slide my finger side to side I'll catch the edge and be able to pull one wipe out easily.With the shortage of any cleaning products during the COVID-19 pandemic, I decided to make my own bleach and lysol wipes. Very easy to do. These wipes are soaked in water and no other chemicals leaving them ready to soak up whatever you want to use: bleach or lysol. Much more durable for cleaning and wiping surfaces, keeping them sanitary and free of germs and viruses.My favorite wipes ever! And I've been wiping bottoms for 5.5 years now, many times a day, every day! I've pretty much used every kind of natural wipe and these are head and shoulders above the rest! First, they actually stay wet, possibly forever! Even if you leave the package unsealed, it takes a lot for these to dry out. Second (which should have been my first point), NO CHEMICALS, at all!! Even the natural brands have such a long ingredient lists it makes you uncomfortable. #3 They do the job wonderfully, like a boss! Seems as though I'd have to use 10 wipes other natural brand wipes to clean up a poo, not with these. Not quite one and done, but I rarely need more than two! They can compete with Huggies on efficiency.OW!
I use wipes for my bum as a clean bum is a happy bum and everywhere was out of my usual...
I just tried my first water wipe... and OMG the burning. I tried to wash it off 4 times and the sting is getting worse. My butt is the saddest it has ever been and my heart is broken. I got these in hopes that my bum would survive the coronavirus pandemic... alas it has curled up and died. RIP.If they'd make a box with 2000 wipes, I'd buy it- not even kidding. For all you mamas or people who want to clean the areas but not add a higher unnecessary chemical load, these are great! Nearly 6 years and I'm in for another 4! I can't think of too many products I'm that loyal to! For babies bums or sensitive areas, there will be zero irritation.I use these wipes on all my grandchildren 5yr old, 3 yr old, and newborn, there is a pack in each of my 3 restrooms, and they are great to carry in the vehicle as well for wipes. Absolutely the best wipes i have found sense my grandkids and myself have such sensitive skin and are allergic to so many different things.The wipes themselves are great but I really dislike the packaging. I actually canceled my subscription to them based purely on packaging. The flap is hard to keep open so when changing a poopy diaper I basically have to pull out all the wipes I think I might use, cause in the moment it’s too hard to get that flap open enough to pull them out quick. Again...wipes are awesome, but wish they would upgrade the packaging.I’ve used this product for over a year but at the 10ct/pk quantity, which unfortunately was no longer available. The wipes are thick enough to do the job, but not too rough, so your skin will hopefully remain rash free for those who suffer from eczema. Being that this is a bigger pack, I’d recommend leaving/storing the pack upside down the entire time to ensure the liquid is more evenly spread to the top of the pack. Even though each pack is sealed with the plastic sticky cover that you peal, everything - liquid included - is tightly sealed in, so you don’t have to worry about any leakage in your bag. This 60ct/pk still has the same great quality wipes, but I wish they would bring back the 10ct/pk for easy transport since I’m often on the go and travel on a regular basis.A friend told me to try these and we figured how can they be better when it’s just water?! She was right and Im so glad we tried them. These are super damp and it really helps with those messy diapers! For some reason my daughter loves to steal one to suck on while I’m changing her.. 🤷🏼‍♀️ Whatever keeps her still long enough not to make a mess! I would suggest these for anyone!I cloth diapered with my first baby, but have struggled to keep up with the laundry this time around so have been looking for low chemical wipes and diapers to use. It would be nice if you could find low chemical products at the local store, but that has proved to be nearly impossible! I found these wipes on Amazon and decided to give them a try. I have to say I wasn't too impressed on first use- the wipes had a weird smell (to MY nose) when I first took one out of the package and they aren't sudsy like some wipes (though I don't expect this with the chemical free wipes since the sudsing agents are some of the chemicals I'd like to keep out!) so you need to wipe a little more vigorously than you might otherwise. But all in all they do the job well, the price is right, and I feel good about what is in them. I then ran out of the wipes and was using my homemade wipes/solution until we had a trip to go on and I needed some disposables again. Target actually carries these wipes (!) (sometimes) so I headed out to Target to grab a few packs. They only had one pack left on the shelf, but they had a lot of Honest wipes. I had heard that Honest company products were supposed to be pretty low on the chemicals so I decided to try a few packs of Honest wipes and diapers since they were out of Water wipes. BIG MISTAKE! My baby broke out in the most horrible, bleeding diaper rash within a week of using the Honest wipes and diapers. I've never seen a diaper rash like this, it was heartbreaking and I immediately switched back to my Nature Babycare diapers and Water Wipes. Instantly the rash went away. Use these Water Wipes if you're looking for a great, natural product. Highly recommend and you can get them at Target in a pinch.We use these for our 1 year old daughter. We like them because they are great for sensitive skin and the water wipes feel more hygienic than dry wipes. The only problem is that we haven't found a good warmer that we can also use with these wipes. So getting them out of the warmer and changing her diaper can be a challenge, especially because she is so squirmy. They should really sell a warmer too.After using up all of the baby wipes received from baby showers, I decided to order these since baby was having some mild diaper rash and I was not a fan of some of the scents. These were my favorite wipes by far. I haven't had to use diaper rash cream since switching to these and they have practically no scent. They are so gentle I have used these as face wipes when out and baby has a spit up without any irritation to her skin. The only negative thing, which truly is minor, is that they do not pull through the wipe warmer, I have to open the lid to pull each one individually. Like I said it is minor, but I did have to get used to that since the other wipes did pull through on their own.
I am so glad I found these and will continue to use them.I had never heard of these until a friend brought a pack of them to the hospital when I had my son. I love that there is nothing nasty in them (no chemicals, fragrance, preservatives) so they double up as boogie and face wipes for the diaper bag (who doesn't love multi tasking baby items?). Love these so much I never tried any other wipes which I've heard can be greasy or have ingredients you can't pronounce. Added bonus that they stay really moist in the diaper bag even though the package doesn't have a good seal. At home, I just use them with a wipe dispenser. Problem solved.I was a little disappointed when I received the package of wipes and they were nearly dry. I had to pat my baby with them because wiping was impossible. I was not satisfied with this purchase.As the title says, the wipes themselves are fine. My only minor complaint is the packaging they're in. Once you open the individual packages, they don't seal back shut very well. We put them in a zip lock bag after opening them so they wouldn't potentially loose their wetness. Besides that though the wipes themselves are fine. They're durable and they do what they're meant to do.Our baby is almost 3 months old and we still only use water wipes ( we've tried a different brand for better price, but went back with water wipes when our baby had his first diaper rash! )
We really don't feel comfortable with anything that have chemicals for my baby, and water wipes is 99.9% water and .1% grapefruit extract, so that's why we have this wipes on top of our list, I recently received a new packaging (photo) so I'm testing to see if still the same product. The only issue is the price compared to other brands, but I guess you really get what you paid for !!!My son developed a sensitivity to most wipes, I guess the chemicals probably build up on the skin, and only washing his butt with water helped his skin stay clean instead of getting redder and redder so I switched to water wipes and now he doesn't get rashes as easily. Yea sometimes it's hard to get only 1 wipe out, so what? At least that little bit of inconvenience allows my baby the comfort of not hurting. He was cry harder if he has a rash and I wipe him with huggies or some other wipes, but not with these. I think the other wipes burn on irritated skin.I love this brand! I hate the thought of wiping my daughter with wipes that are just full of unnecessary chemicals from brands that test on animals, so we were happy when we discovered this brand. We first bought it at Target and then I found the bundle here on Amazon for much cheaper.
I haven’t had any problems with these wipes. No rashing or physical problems. Even the wipes came great.
I checked for mold like I had seen on a previous review and I didn’t see anything.
Overall I’m very happy with these.These are my favorite wipes! I have 5 kids ranging from 1-15. I used huggies wipes with all my kids except my youngest. She’s maybe only had a diaper rash twice (she’s 19 months) and that was only because her poop burned her bottom. These wipes have prevented diaper rash for her, where all my other kids had diaper rash and I constantly had desitin on hand. My only complaint, is the top to pull them out comes off easily. It just sticks on there with adhesive.I've never used better wipes! I've tried every wipe out there- organic or not! Each time I purchased advertised "pure and safe wipes because we care" about your baby I had been mislead; I'd find out while they didn't have certain well known harmful ingredients, they scrounged around to find others to take their place!! These wipes work just as well as all the others except minus all the chemicals that are doing who knows what to your baby's backside! My kids love them and so far no diaper rashes. Why do we even need chemicals? These work fantastic with just water and the grape seed oil. No problems wiping up tough number twos and no concern using these on baby's face! I only wish they were more affordable! I will be using these from here on out- finally the search is over!!The carton packaging that arrived this time was broken again. It was the same last time. I don’t understand how this happens every time I buy this wipe. It never happened when I bought it from the others. Although the individual packaging inside is complete but the babies' things always make me feel uneasy. I don't think I will buy it again.Same price as what you would find at a department store . Couldn’t find these at Walmart or King Soopers , however they do have them at target .
Water wipes are my ultimate go to wipe for my baby . Her skin is so sensitive that most wipes will cause an extreme diaper rash even some of the more friendly wipes like babyorganics, seventh generation , and honest company would cause her discomfort . If you buy these be aware that once opened you need to use them in a month due to the fruit extract . Other then that these are durable , soft , and very moist . I love them .We have been using these for about 9 months. I have noticed they are smaller sheets now unfortunately but with what is available on the market these are by far the best. My sons sensitive skin does well with these. As with all wipes the first 15 or so are dry so just store spare packs upside down so the water saturates that way the pack stays wet. I use them on his face and entire body. They're great to clean up messy hands or whatever those messy hands have touched and it's a comfort to know that they only have water and grapefruit extract. We LOVE these wipes!Ever since we switched to Water Wipes. our baby has rarely gotten any diaper rashes. When we used Huggies sensitive wipes, it would irritate the skin and it only got worse as time went on. We avoided rashes by using these wipes and drying the skin completely before putting the diaper on. We never even need diaper cream/paste. So glad we realized all the extra chemical ingredients in different baby wipes cause irritation - none of that is in Water Wipes! It only has water and a tiny amount of fruit extract. Works perfectly.Very happy with these. My only complaint is how they dispense from the wrapper. They don’t come out “open “ as traditional wipes do. So if you’re frantic to clean up a mess, I find it best to pull a bunch out first and open them up first.We regularly buy the costco kirkland brand baby wipes which work 95% of the time without caused irritation. We started buying these for his privates and finally saw a noticeable difference that he was no longer gets red irritation. Still use the Kirkland wipes for poops and main area but cleaning his privates is going much better now that we added water wipes to our routine!We've been using water wipes for our 11mo since she was a newborn and they were great. No complaints other than they clumped together. In our most recent subscribe and save shipment we got the new biodegradable version. At first I was happy to see that they are now biodegradable, but they turned out to be terrible! The new wipes are thinner and more rough than the previous version and caused the worst diaper rash I've ever seen. We immediately stopped using them and switched to pampers pure wipes and the irritation cleared up.These wipes are good... They have no scent (really, not like other "no fragrance" wipes), they are nice and thick and they leave no residue. I tried one on my face before using it on my LO and they really have nothing harmful or chemically in them. The only unfortunate thing is they are not biodegradable ... I got in touch with the company, because it doesn't say what the wipes are made of on the packaging, and like most wipes they are 80% polyester and 20% viscose (which is made from trees so this part will decompose)... Disappointing, but I only use wipes when we are out (usually cloth and spray bottle at home) and I feel comfortable cleaning up all kinda of messes with these, including wiping food off my LOs face... Hope they reconsider the materials in the future!The first time I ordered these I loved them! Idk what’s going on now but I had to switch baby wipes because these wipes have changed from the original ones I got the first time. They have become smaller and rougher in texture. I realized I was using more than 2 wipes each time I did a diaper change and started to get concerned about how rough they felt again my babies bottom. (Did not want to impair his delicate skin) Switched to honest wipes, softer thicker, larger, chemical free also and around the same price.My daughter hasn't had any issues for the first year of life but then when we started transitioning her to whole milk and more table food she got a diaper rash that was so bad it looked like a sun burn. I immediately stopped using wipes (we used the pampers natural care) and switched to wash cloths. When it was all cleared up I never went back to traditional wipes and started using these instead. They are hard to find in store (I have only seen them at Target) and I have only been able to find them in bulk online, but they are totally worth it. One wipe gets the job done when before I was using sometimes 3-4 wipes to clean her off. I love these wipes and would recommend them to any parent.Chemical free & wonderful. Towards the bottom of the pack they are pretty wet but I simply squeeze the stack out a bit & replace them to the package. The packaging is also a little difficult to pull the wipes out of but at home I rip the bag open & keep them in a gallon ziplock. On the go I put a stack of wipes in a slim to-go wipes container that slides into my diaper changing pad.

Babies love sucking on things & the other day my daughter got ahold of the wipes pack & was sucking the water out of the wipes. I took it from her but didn't panic as I would have if it had been the chemical kind!No wipes beat these! I have looked at literally every other baby wipe on the market and even the “natural 99% water” ones from other brands have horrible preservatives. Don’t use sodium benzoate on your babies. This is the only wipe without it!These wipes don't leave any kind of irritation or rash on my children with sensitive skin. They work very well, super moist and don't dry out easily at all despite the lid to the individual packages being of lackluster performance. It does eventually lose stickiness and not want to stick shut anymore if it is allowed to touch things other than the packaging, but that still doesn't make the wipes dry out before they're used!I am unable to leave feedback for this item to the seller (by Amazon) but the box and wipes packages smell horrifically musty and mildewy upon receipt. While the wipes themselves appear to be fine, I am quite hesitant to use these on my baby. They are the only wipes I have used with my children and would otherwise rate them a 5 star. This time however is not the case as the place they were stored is obviously quite mildew and moldy-ridden. I expect to be contacted regarding this concern before my return. Thank you.I absolutely love these wipes, they’re a little expensive compared to Costco wipes but I do love the wipes are so moist that you can get away with using fewer wipes on messy diaper & the box usually last a few months. & never required water when I put the in the warmer. My kids have sensitive skin & can’t use a lot of products so these are a life saver.I love that these wipes are the least chemically laden wipes I can find on the market. However, I must remove a star for the following reasons:

1. The top 1/3 of the wipes of each pack are pretty dry compared to the bottom 2/3 or so. I've ordered two mega value box cases and I've noticed this to be pretty consistent with each pack.
2. They are difficult to pull out one by one.
3. They are definitely not nearly as soft as Huggies or Pampers wipes.

All in all, I'll continue to use this brand, but I hope they can fix at least the first two issues I've been having.

**Update December 2015 - This company must have seen the reviews, because the wipes are now packed upside down, and the sheets are much easier to grab.Hands down the best wipes ever!! I have severely sensitive and allergic skin and I can use it on my face. Nothing's too good for my baby.

******update*****
I really like these wipes. My baby is sensitive and these are the only instant wipes I feel comfortable using besides cloth wipes with warm water. He's 2 and a half now, and it's all I would ever use because other wipes have so much crap in it. However, the wipes size went from7.7x6.9in to 6.4x7.3in. Hello Water Wipes, we moms and dads need all the wipe we can get in size to get to the poop and food messes. Instead of making them thicker and bigger, you guys made them small and you don't think we will notice? Bring back the old size.Suppper annoyed that if you put these in a wipe warmer they don’t come out easily. They aren’t crossed together so you have to dig down and pull each one individually out which wastes soooo much time during a messy diaper changeMy wife loves these wipes for the baby. Our baby had gottennsome kind of rash from the huggies all natural wipes. We typically buy this at a local big box store as they are cheaper but there was a coupon if we bought enough wipes so that got our cost down below 4 cents a wipe. I still think it is outrageous price for water and some kind of wipe but it makes the wideband baby happy so it is a small price to pay to keep them happy.Our son's have had sensitive skin since they were born, especially our 1st! This is the only wipe we could use on him that didn't make him react! We started using it with our 2nd also & no issues at all, thank God!!I do like these wipes as I use them for face washing rather than as diaper area cleaning! They could be a bit softer and a bit less expensive but they are great if you have sensitive skin like I do!I love these wipes. There are two simple ingredients-- WATER and Fruit Extract. Natural and pure. It is extremely hard to find baby wipes that are 100% natural, but these are just that. (Why would we need soap, fragrance, and preservatives to wipe our children's bottoms? Adults wipe themselves with dry tissue--so why would we put this junk on our kids?) These wipes aren't thin, but aren't thick either. If you're used to Seventh Gen wipes, they are similar to the Soft and Gentle (Original/Old) formula, but not as thick as the Thick and Strong. They are a little thinner than Huggies Pure and Natural--but do not tear easily like those do--- they are actually very comparable to Babyganics, but without the preservatives, etc.I was forced to buy these during the wipe shortage when covid broke out. A case of these expensive wipes- that I hate. They are so thin that they roll up like cheap toilet paper as you try to wipe poop off your baby's bottom. They're horrible. They don't "grip", they're so flimsy. Ever tried dollar store wipes? The feel of these remind me of that. Don't waste your money.My son has only had 2 diaper rashes and is 14 months old. Those two diaper rashes were caused from severe diarrhea.... this is the best diaper wipe because it does not have harsh chemicals that will burn the babies skin causing rashes. My friends used other brands and their children were always red, every time I helped change a diaper the OTHER diaper wipes would butn my own skin, so i cant imagine having to use other brands on a very delicate baby butt!We thought these were really good in the beginning; it didn’t seem to cause diaper rash. But after a while, they did. Even when applying liberal amounts of butt cream, it still irritated out baby’s bum. The packaging was something I was able to overlook but since these didn’t perform the way they initially did, I can’t really recommend these, especially for the price. We’ve gone back to Pampers Sensitive. Better packaging, larger wipes, seems to clean up better (we use 2 wipes vs 3/4 with Water Wipes).My sister is having a baby boy and planning on circumcising him, I’m buying these wipes for the lil guy because they are more gentle than any other brand....no chemicals, all natural. I used them on my baby daughter and she never had a diaper rash or any irritation. The stay moist until the very last wipe, as long as you remember to seal the bag :)So happy I purchased these wipes! I received a bunch of different brands of wipes at my baby shower but decided to buy these myself after hearing so many good things about them and I’m so glad I did. We’ve tried a few different kinds that we were gifted and these are the only ones that don’t irritate her. There is no scent, they’re very soft and stay moist in the wipe-warmer we use. We will be sticking to these from now on and I can definitely recommend them
to other parents with babies who have sensitive skin.It's the best alternative to those other poorly made baby wipes that are loaded with chemicals and preservatives but I'm guessing the fruit extract ingredient is what's been burning my skinI use this mostly to wipe up my baby's face and hands instead of wetting a paper towel. They are almost too wet to use for diaper cleaning (there's no "friction" to help wipe big messes). I'd give them a higher rating, but I get so frustrated while using them because they never come out of the packaging right! With most wipes, you pull one out and another comes right behind it. With these wipes, I pull one out and have to dig around to pull out another. They don't thread properly, whether it's in their packaging or a wipe dispenser! It's not the end of the world, but when you're a busy mom, stuff like this can get pretty frustrating.Love these as they don't have the phalates, parabens and harsh chemicals and perfect for baby's sensitive skin. Not too fond of the price as they are a little on the expensive side but great wipesThese have worked well for my 97 year old mother in law's personal care. She has a skin condition and cannot use anything with chemicals in her perineal area. We are very pleased with these. No mold or issues such as some have described. We use them up very quickly to make sure they do not pass the expiration date. The only complaint is that they are just a bit too small for adult use and we wish that the company would produce a product in a larger size. They are still the best thing we have found for her condition and we continue to reorder them.Ever since day one I have been using Water Wipes and I've never regretted it - not once! These wipes are perfect, only containing TWO ingredients, and cost friendly to a new mama. I have tried using other big name brand wipes once before and it was awful. Upon trying to retrieve a single wipe from the container, it tore into pieces. It was like it was disintegrating! Not to mention the cold feeling after using it from the amount of alcohol in it. Not fun!
Water Wipes are great. I've never had them dry out on me, and the texture of the wipe itself is perfect: soft but durable. Doesn't tear easily, and cleans up amazingly!
Love these things! Shipped on time and are always on my doorstep right when I need them.These are my favorite wipes. They have the most moisture and are gentle on soft baby bottoms. I've never had one tear and the wipes are in small enough packages that they have not dried out or molded.These wipes are like wiping with 1 ply toilet paper. They are overly moist, but really just the thinness and cheapness of these wipes. I can't believe these things are rated as well as they are.

It's like when you try to spread a low budget brand of peanut butter on some bread and you end up tearing the bread.

Do not recommend, do not buy.These are noble in what they aim to achieve. I support the idea. They are poorly designed/folded and as a result getting them out of the bag is a huge pain. Not what you need with lil kicker is covered in poo. They clean OK but not as well as a traditional wipe. I’m going back to amazon brand. I can’t justify the 3x cost for a wipe that works 1/3 as well.These were kind of on the rough texture and dry side. No scent that I can tell. Like that they are simple ingredients.
Hack: if you are cloth diapering, you can wash these like a cloth wipe and reuse them as a poop liner (instead of buying those bamboo liners)I wish I could give this a better rating because I always gravitate towards more clean natural items however I am just not impressed with this. My son actually gets more irritation from these wipes than others. So far the best wipe I have found is clearly herbal. Nothing performs better than that wipe for us. Water wipes is hard to get out of the package. I often times get 2-3 at once. And getting the 1st one out is a struggle. They are the perfect moistness which is great however they don't do a great job of actually cleaning. They seem to smear a lot vs other wipes.

Overal 3 out of 5 stars. I wont purchase again. I would strongly suggest others look at clearly herbal if you have some of the same concerns as I do.LOVE these wipes!! I've now purchased I think two of these over the course of the past year and I love them. You look at any other package of wipes and scan over the ingredients-even the "organic" and "all natural" have alcohol in them. No thanks. I was started to look into buying dry hospital-grade wipes and moistening with water myself but when I discovered these, they tied it all together, of course for a bit more but it has proven to be worth it for both my girls. I also use them for makeup removal and surprisingly it removes foundation, liner, shadow relatively well. Great wipes overall!My baby is super sensitive to wipes and I wanted to try these because I thought it was the chemicals in wipes and makes him get a BAD rash over time (he'll start to break out within 3 days of using wipes). After trying every kind of wipes I gave these a shot. And he still gets a rash :-( So I think it's the texture of wipes and he's just super sensitive. But I will say that he broke out slower using these wipes (about a week before I started to notice him breaking out). So I will still give this product a good rating because of that!These wipes are the best for sensitive skin and diaper rash. They are so soft and moist that it isn’t abrasive on delicate baby skin. I always keep a few packs on hand for diaper rash flare up or for some really messy meal clean ups.Newborn skin is SO sensitive. I took home the water wipes from the hospital and everything was good. I tried regular brands’ sensitive wipes and they gave her a diaper rash. I purchased a pack of these after finding a small pack to try at Target and my baby and her bum were very happy. They work wonderfully well and are so gentle. She’s older now so I use both these and other wipes I was given at my baby shower. Give them a try especially for your newborn...or give them as a gift at a baby shower. All will be happy!I cannot rave about this product enough! I looooooove water wipes!

Use this wipe on your face/hands.
Now use any other brand of wipe on your face/hands... there is NO comparison!
Water wipes don’t leave residue, they don’t burn, they don’t smell, they aren’t overly wet or dry out. Other baby wipes do, even the ones that claim to be “pure” blah blah or “sensitive” blah blah blah.
Read the ingredients on a “pure” baby wipe brand... not so pure!

Anyway, water wipes are the best and my kids and I love them so muchProduct was exactly as advertised and shipped perfectly.

Ive been using this product 6 months.

From makeup remover to cleaning my make up brushes, underarm and boob sweat. To a quick gym sweat clean up , pinic hand wipes ect.

No left over residue or smell. Clean feeling of refreshing.These are my favorite wipes! I use them for everything kid related and removing make up. Perfect for people with sensitive skin since it's 99% water. I'll admit when I was pregnant for the first time and saw these in store I wondered why anyone would buy them. But after having a child with eczema, then another with sensitive skin, and having sensitive skin myself I started to look for alternatives to the normal chemical laden baby products. These have been awesome for not irritating our skin and I wish I had tried them sooner than I did!The downside to this is that the flap for opening is sticky only, easy to lose it’s adhesion after some time of usage. Not durable for moisture holding after the fresh opening. Otherwise, pretty good product.These wipes are great if your little one has sensitive skin, and even if they don’t! I had been using all the different brands of wipes o received at my baby shower and my little one ended up with a diaper rash. I immediately switched to these (plus gave her a bath and let her air out!) and her rash was almost completely gone the next day. Plus they are comparable in price to other wipes.The hype for these wipes is way too much. Yes, they are great for sensitive skin, HOWEVER, if I am laying .17¢ a wipe…. I SHOULD NOT BE PULLING OUT 10 wipes at a time. HOW WASTEFUL! If your babe has a blow out… just take them to the bath. These wipes will not help since you can’t even take them out with one hand. We have switched over to the Honest wipes which are wayyyy easier to dispense!!!!!!We've been using waterwipes strictly for 3 years and my last 2 cases have been far less superior.
These wipes are dry and don't hold up thru a cleaning. What happened to the original wipes?I purchased these after my little one developed a diaper rash for another brand of wipes which are organic but did not agree with her. I absolutely love these because I feel comfortable with the clean ingredients and I can wiper her hands and little face without worry. I also love how they feel and her little skin smells so fresh after using these. Her diaper rash improved the next day when I switched to these.Like these wipes because of the limited ingredients and wetness of the wipe. However, it’s really annoying that you have to pick each wipe out of the package. They are not connected together like other wipes. For such an expensive price, it really is unforgiveable. I even bought an OXO wipe container to help with this oroblem but it didn’t make it any better.The diaper package lists benzalkonium chloride as an ingredient which is not listed on this post. Benzalkonium chloride is a highly toxic salt.These are our go-to wipes & we have tried every other type but nothing will ever compare to these!!
Yes, they are expensive but well worth it in the long run especially when one wipe can do the job of many of the other brands wipes. Really like the texture & that the wipes are actually wet & not dry or soapy.I absolutely love this wipes. My baby is 2 months old and we haven't had any issues with her skin getting irritated or diaper rashes at all. The only reason why I give them 4 out of 5 stars is because for the price, I'd like them to be thicker.
And, they are VERY wet so I have to pat dry my baby with tissue paper after using the wipe.Bought these when I couldn’t get the Pure wipes we usually get. Not even close to being as good as them. They are much thinner and you will go through more to clean the kids. Unfortunately the Aqua Pure wipes were not available during the Covid crisis and these were the most highly rated ones I found. Not sure why they were but IMO not worth the money.Good product, but it's really annoying that they aren't folded/arranged in the package so they auto-dispense (like a box of Kleenex). Also they recently changed the adhesive flap so it's made of a stiffer plastic that easily comes off or doesn't seal well, so now your wipes pack can't close/dries out easily and before drying out it can leak. I get around this by using a reusable dispenser I got on Amazon.My kids have been out of diapers for years, and I still buy these. They are great mess wipes for their little hands and faces as well as their play and crafting areas. I love that they are unscented and great on my kiddo with sensitive skin.Really great if you have a sensitive skin baby. We use these and huggies sensitive skin wipes both are great brands. These water wipes are a little more expensive but worth it for baby’s sensitive skin. We can’t use Charmin or Pampers as it tends to break our baby out. But these two brands we have noticed he doesn’t have an issue with.Omg I love these wipes! At first I used the pampers for sensitive skin... and one day... I wiped my vagina with it and it burn! So I started research these products like a and woman and would buy the sample at a local store and would always first apply any product I put on my baby either in my skin or eyes. I put these wipes on my eyes and it didn’t burn or nothing. I am now subscribed. It’s silly to think I buy wipes with water but they come in handy and the material is soft and it just has water. :)Someone suggested Honest wipes and after just a few uses my poor baby got terrible skin breakdown. We switched to these and it cleared up in a week. They are a little difficult to get out of the package and to reseal but the softness and pure nature of the wipes make up for it. At home they are in my wipe warmer so that is a moot point. They’re my only wipes now.Have used these since my son was born (13 months now) and he has never had a diaper rash. The wipes are nice and moist and stay that way in their package, down to the last one. I love that these are free of harsh chemicals. Good 'ol H2O with a dash of grapefruit to preserve freshness is perfect for those delicate little baby bottoms. Only annoying thing is that multiple wipes often pull out at once, which can be wasteful; this would be improved by having a hard flip top (and for the expensive price of these, I think that is reasonable). Also, they seem to have decreased their size more recently they used to be bigger. Given the price, and what I believe must have been a pretty decent profit margin to begin with, it's disappointing they'd reduce size.The new updated packaging has come with really bad water wipes! They’re not wet at all and much drier. Please tell the company to fix this.We have used these wipes since our first son was born and we love them. I have never had any issues with mold or anything, with 2 kids we always finish the pack before the month is up. I feel compared to Diapers.com and Target, Amazon has the better pricing. I do love that they do not have any smell, since they are almost all water except for a bit of fruit extract they do not leave a sticky residue. I tried to use Pampers Sensitive and Babyganics but they are not as great, the latter gave my son a diaper rash which I have never had while using these. Even though they are a little more pricey than other wipes I will stick with them they are great wipes.We use cloth wipes and water at home, but we use these when we travel and I keep a pack in the diaper bag. It's such as simple idea, I can't believe more companies haven't caught on. Because these only have water and a tiny amount of grapefruit extract I have no qualms about using them to clean my kids bums or their faces and they don't leave that gross fake baby perfume smell on the kids either. My friend with a 10 month old says her kid was forever trying to put wipes in his mouth and since these are just water she doesn't have to worry he'll get sick if he's chewing on (a clean!!) wipe while she's changing him. Excellent product, we keep a supply at home so that we don't run out and have to buy conventional wipes at the store.When we first got these, I hated them. They’re so thin. You have to use two or three for every diaper change. BUT... my son is too sensitive for any other wipe! I went back to these after trying many different brands of traditional wipes and even the “Pure” wipes caused a severe diaper rash on my poor baby boy. These are the only ones that won’t.
That being said, take precaution to keep them sanitary. Once they’re open, they have a short life.
There aren’t any preservatives, so they can get contaminated easily.A few other brands make water wipes but they have a lot of other ingredients. These ones are mainly water which we love. Doesn’t give my son a rash like the pampers sensitive did.I love the wipes, nothing harsh no obnoxious smells, they just work. However, these have probably the worst packaging of any wipes we've ever used. I have a hard time getting them out individually, there's nothing easy to grab onto through the little hole in the top where they come out and one doesn't follow another. Instead, I seem to grab 2 to 4 of them that come out in a clump, which ends up wasting wipes. And it's basically impossible for me to get wipes out one handed, which anyone changing diapers knows is a necessity sometimes. My wife likes them better than I do, her fingers are able to get out one wipe at a time. Anyway, we are going to just stick these in a box to keep using them.I have three children, the first two did really well on pampers sensitive wipes. With our third baby we stocked up on the same brand because the other two got a rash with any other brand besides pampers sensitive. The night we came home from the hospital our baby was starting to develop a rash, I started putting coconut oil on, we tried 2 other creams which didn't work the 4th one had a powerful smell that stank and I just didn't want that smell on my baby. It helped, but I couldn't go once without the cream. It was only masking the problem vs fixing it. I decided to change wipes, found the water wipes and although they are more expensive I will continue buying them. My daughter does not get a rash while on them, there is no stinging if my other kids have a cut I wipe it with this. It's so natural that there is no burn from chemicals. They are very moist, and although a higher price I do use less of them. I'm happy to have found them and I don't have to use diaper creams it's just a clean, rash free little bottom!Super soft and moist, these wipes do the trick cleaning up sticky hands and a gooey face after meals. I use one on my face at night before bed, too, to wipe off the day's grime. Good price point for something of this quality.The samples sent in the amazon baby registry welcome box prompted me to order this. App the samples were made so good to receive people into buying the regular sizes. I wasted $42 for something that is just the same as any regular wipes out there. These are not water wipes at all. You actually need to add water to the wipes to clean your baby.
I would love to have my money back if I could. Don't waste your money on these please. They are just regular wipes NOT WATER WIPES AD ADVERTISED AT ALL!!!I was told I didn’t need a wipe warmer with my first baby. Big mistake. This makes changing baby, especially at night, so much more comfortable for them. This warmer works well and I keep it on round the clock. I had an issue with my unit after a few months of use but customer service was wonderful and issued me a replacement ASAP.I like these wipes, overall. BUT I found them to be TOO WET. I felt like I needed to dry baby's bottom each time I used it! I used one of the other major brands with my first kids and gave these a try with #3, but I'm going back to the others. There is little to no scent, which is great if that's what you're looking for. I just prefer a wipe that actually grabs the poop and cleans, as opposed to just wetting the bottom significantly.Used to be great, now smells like bleach and is rough.We keep these next to the door to wipe our dog's paw off when she comes in from outside. Our vet didn't like the idea of using normal baby wipes on our allergy prone dog and suggested a wet towel instead. The door to outside is downstairs and isn't conveniently near a water source so this was a great solution! These are tough enough not to tear on rough paw pads but still much softer than a regular towel and much more convenient. I'm going to end up buying these in bulk for those rainy and muddy springs!I've tried soooo many different wipes in the last 3 months. These are definitely a waste of money for how expensive they are. They stick to themselves - which makes it extremely difficult to get one out of the package, and means it usually takes more than one wipe per diaper change. The packaging is the most frustrating. Wrestling to get a wipe out makes each change stressful. Not worth it!!I’ve tried to switch to regular “sensitive” wipes twice with my 8 week old and they literally burn her butt and she cries! These are the only ones she can tolerate so far. Thankfully they exist, otherwise I’d have to wash her in the bath or make my own wipes (which would be very time consuming with 2 kids in diapers right now.) I do think they are a little bit pricy but I don’t know of anything else like these on the market just yet.I LOVE these wipes! They are so gentle on my baby's skin, have no disgusting scent and can even be used to wipe sticky hands since there are no chemicals. I have not experienced any mold in any of the many, many packages I have used since my daughter was born. The only complaints I would have is that the wipes do not come out of the packages very easily, you sort of have to dig to get the next one, and that if you don't squeeze the package prior to use to distribute the water at the bottom then you have some dry wipes at the beginning.My daughter has EXTREMELY sensitive skin and I was uncomfortable with her previous daycare provider using pampers wipes to wipe IN (yes in) and around her mouth after she'd spit up. She was getting bad diaper rashes and I was feeling uncomfortable about wiping her sore bottom with chemicals and perfume. Saw these at Toys R Us, decided to give them a try, and haven't went back. These are AMAZING. They are durable. They stay moist. Also, good for sensitive skin because they are essentially water and fruit juice. I use them to wipe her hands, face, and also use them to remove my makeup. Cannot say enough positive things about these wipes :)Something is off about these wipes. They smell like chemicals which is obviously not what you pay the premium wipe price for :(These are great. We bought a big pack when all the stores had no diapers or wipes. These are great but the package is hard to stay close after every use and after you have used about half of the wipes the rest are so saturated with the left over solution in the container.My last three children I used nothing but pampers sensitive, but just recently my youngest 15 month old kept getting rashes and would scream when we used the wipes. I went out and bought a bunch of small packages wipes to try out and stumbled on the water wipes. They solved the problem and I bought a case. They were delivered quickly and I do use them in wipe warmer adding a bit more water than usual and they seem to be fine so far. They don't dispense well and are a bit small but they are worth having my baby not in pain.I have tried so many baby wipes and these are still my favorite!

They are always wet which makes it easier to wipe off dirt, food, poop, or anything. Doesn’t hurt or irritate the skin from rubbing too hard because they are soft and wet all the time.

Just wish there was a snap closure to the container so water didn’t leak out the top.

I open the bags and put into plastic containersMy son was born premature and has very sensitive skin. I love that these wipes are natural and not full of harmful fragrances. They are very wet and get the job done with one or two wipes. Highly recommend these and will continue to purchase these until my son no longer wears diapers!I've used these for close to 2 years and they are great. I've used the major competitors and this is my favorite wipe. It is a little on the pricey side. I've used it from a newborn up. We only use sensitive wipes because we had issues with non sensitive wipes. With water wipes we have not experienced any issues.These are the only wipes I could use on my baby's bottom that didn't irritate him and cause a rash. Every other wipe on the market I found (even the "gentle" and "natural" ones) contained a whole range of drying/irritating chemicals, like polyethylene glycol (antifreeze!), fragrance (which contain alcohols), etc. The wipe is water and 0.01% grapefruit seed extract, that's it. Started using it, and my boo's bottom rash started getting better right away! Pricey, but worth every penny, and I got a much better deal on Amazon than anywhere else. These wipes are incredibly hard to find in a local store, so I ended up ordering them in bulk once I discovered what a lifesaver they are!These wipes get "stuck" on my child's skin (don't gloss over it as other brands do), they don't auto-fill the next wipe (have to go fishing for another one, which, if you have poop on your hand isn't that fun or easy), and they stick to each other so even if you manage to wiggle one out, you likely have 3 of them then need to separate them. I wanted to try these since they have less chemicals in them but they've just been a hassle. I'll stick to my Pampers Sensitive wipes.Pros: minimal ingredients
They don't irritate baby's skin at all
wipes stay wet and don't dry out
smaller size package makes these good for the diaper bag
No weird added fragrances, perfumes or dyes.

Cons: the "seal" won't ever reseal for you again
possible leakage in your bag since the plastic seal will stay resealed
I can't seem to pull out less than 2-3 at a time. Seriously impossible to pull just 1 wipe

I like the concept of these but Costco/Kirkland brand also don't irritate my baby's skin and have an easy open/close plastic tab. Plus they are cheaper.With my baby having eczema, these are a great choice. Even if you do t have a baby with sensitive skin, lol hear are still a great choice since there are no harmful chemicals which means you can use these to wipe hands, mouths, whatever.
What I dislike is that sometimes it’s hard to get the wipes out of the package. They need a box to go in as well as being layered differently in the packaging so they’re easier to dispense. The cost when I bought them the first time from the same place was roughly 35 dollars, the second purchase was 45. Not too thrilled about that either.Love water wipes! They never irritate my daughter's sensitive skin and I feel comfortable using them on her hands, face, clothing, etc. As an added bonus, they do a pretty good job of taking out stains! I've never had any problems finding any mold.

One thing that may be obvious to others (but was not to either me or my husband!) was that they freeze easily! We used to keep a stash in our car, but quickly stopped doing that when on one winter day, we realized that they had turned into a giant icicle!These do seem to be the most natural wipes I've used yet and way better than the others for preventing diaper rash. My only complaint is the top ones are dry and the bottom ones are too wet. You really have to store them upside down and squeeze the package a lot to redistribute the water evenly. Hence a reduction in stars for that. The flap cover is also only okay.I bought these for my mom for use on a sensitive area and she loves them! She said they are very soft, there's no scent, and they are helping! Thank you!!I've bought these wipes from Target and this was my first Amazon purchase of them. I've truly never seen mold like the others have posted. I'm sure it can happen, but it's never happened to us. My daughter has pretty sensitive skin, and I love everything about these wipes. Not too wet, not too dry, not too thick. Love that there are no crazy chemicals. I actually do prefer to use my own homemade wipes with just warm water, but that's difficult now with 4 kids, and it's difficult when we are out and about. My husband likes to have store bought wipes and they really come in handy when we eat something sticky at a restaurant or in the car. Highly recommend these!I really like these wipes. They don't have any smell, the cloth is sturdy and feels wet without a sticky residue like the sensitive wipes by Huggies. They stay quite wet until the package is completed. The two reason why I marked it down is the cost and package, it is a lot more expensive than regular wipes you can find in the store but you pay for quality right? My husband and I had planned to just use this for my baby until 3 months and then switch over to the cheaper brand. However, my husband who rather save money has not found another wipe that he prefers better than this so even though our son is 8 months now, we still continue to use this. I found that with the packaging, sometimes the flap won't stay closed and this can cause the wipes to be a bit dry.Pricey, but no stinging from the chemicals on my baby, and they are more versatile than regular baby wipes, because it is just water. One drawback is that there is almost too much moisture. They stay wet if you leave the package open, which is nice, but they need to be kept in a closeable sandwich baggies when traveling so they don't soak everything else in the diaper bag. It has the normal sticker closure, but as usual that doesn't usually last until the pack is used.

Also the price per wipe showed it to be the cheapest product available, but I don't think that is accurate.My fav wipes now! My 5wk old has super sensitive skin and these are perfect!!! Has the slightest scent that’s very pleasant and doesn’t bother my sons skin at all. I don’t everrr need to double up either when it’s an explosive diaper as I do w some other wipes.Love these wipes! One single wipe goes SUCH a long ways colored to other wipes. They don’t break out my little guy and they don’t stink. If you smell an opened bag of almost any other disposable wipe you will smell a yeast smell and these don’t have them. Honestly wish I would of tried this when he was a baby instead of two years old right before potty training. I never wanted to spend the extra money but now I regret I
It. Buy them!I began using these wipes during a particularly nasty bout of diaper rash on my baby. Once it cleared up I stuck with them because I didn't want to chance it coming back, and it hasn't (credit also to Boudreaux's Butt Paste for that). The wipes are smaller than other wipes, therefore requiring more wipes for a messy diaper change. They also don't pull as nicely from the package as others, I often have to dig in there to pull out the next and sometimes a clump will come out. I didn't realize how annoying it was until I used another brand at a friend's house. They're also much wetter than regular wipes, I don't really mind that but others might.Excellent product and a great deal.this is about half the price of walmart.Just received, quickly I might add. Therefore have not opened, due to wait period. When I got these the first time, I thought I shouldn’t have paid for just water. After using them, I realized how great they are. Soft, very wet, good for a clean hand ( or other places or items) wash. Good size and great to have no fragrance added.I love these for my baby. She has very sensitive skin and I don't like to use a lot of chemicals. They do a great job of clearing her up and they never irritate her. I find the wipe itself is soft for her but durable enough to get the job done well. I buy them all the time by the case. I love them as they are also a nice back up/replacement for any other wipes in the diaper bag. I encourage all parents to buy the best you can for baby as they will most likely pick your nursing home.This is the only wipe my son can use due to sensitive skin and eczema. So thank you for providing us with a scent free water wipe and as always arriving on time. This time the wipes did some a little banged up but nothing damaged. Thank youNew mom and I love these!!!! No rash, no chemicals, or harsh soaps. Cleans well. I use to wash her face too. The only other wipe I use is seventh generation when I run out of water wipes and I can't find them while traveling. I've had no mold issues with them. Tip buy the big box of them before you deliver. I did two months early and I'm still using them and she is 10 weeks. But it was one less thing to think about and get. Hospital wipes gave a rash and so did pampers brand. I don't buy anything pampers.Wipes work, but doesn’t work with wipe warmers. Since the wipes aren’t laired on top of each other, you pull one out and you have to dig back into the packaging to get another. If that makes sense.They are fine but the tiny bit of fruit extract still seems bothersome to my sons skin. Water and a paper towel are still best for his sensitive skin. These are fine to take on the go when water and a paper towel isn’t a convenient option. The packaging needs to be redesigned the wipes don’t come out easily and the closure just flips off after awhile leaving no way to close.My husband and I love these wipes for our baby girl! The best part is their high EWG ranking, which is why I purchased them to begin with- I question a lot of products that are out there because of their ingredients, but I feel so comfortable using these on my baby girl.. and with many diaper changes, we use them a lot! I love the feel of them, they clean up even the really sticky poop messes. If I had one negative to say, it would be that I didn't realize when I purchased them that they can't go in a wipes warmer. But with that said, we are totally used to using these now, and not using a wipe warmer, and our baby never seemed to notice a difference. I also purchase the travel size for my diaper bag- they come with us everywhere!These wipes are great. The ingredients are fantastic and they do a good job cleaning baby. I can use them to clean baby's neck rolls after spit up too :). I enjoy not having to worry about nasty ingredients. Even the other "natural" brands have a whole paragraph of ingredients which just isn't necessary. I bought a 3 pack of reusable wipe containers which work great - one for the diaper bag, one for the living room, and one for the bedroom. Highly recommend these wipes!These are great for those sensitive to fragrance and chemicals. Great for babies, adults and also for crafting project cleanup. I use on my stamps and stencils.Love love love these. Only kind my baby could use that didn’t irritate her skin. They may cost a little more than other brands but well worth it. My niece was over recently with a rash. I used pampers Aqua sensitive brand that my sister had and the 1 yr old started to scream when I used. I asked my husband to go get the water wipes,, she may not have loved on her rash but didn’t scream and was ok me using. I tried the other just to see and sure enough it clearly bothered her.Love these wipes and this pack means I can put them everywhere so they are always handy.

They are pretty wet which is great for cleaning baby's bottom, but it can leave the skin a little wet and cause diaper rash. I tend to dry it slightly after using theseI like the wipes however the packaging is horrible. It doesn’t seal well and sometimes I pull out more wipes then needed. Both super frustrating. Also on my last order, some packages were not as moist as previous packages. I have it on auto delivery so I will switch brands if these issues continue.These are great. It is the only kind of wipe that we can trust to not have a bunch of added chemicals, and the only wipe that doesn't give my baby a rash. We use just cloth with water to clean him when it's just urine, but we use water wipes when he poops or if we are out. I never have to worry about it not cleaning him well. I'm so glad my midwife told us about these, and glad there are still products made that just contain the basics.I love water wipes and i always use on my baby as he has a very sensitive skin.
I gave it 1 star as i received it on Dec 7th and on the box it says that it will expire on Feb 2019... for real!!!!!!! Am i supposed to finish 12 packs in 3 month.
I use washcloth while we are at home so now if i don't finish the 12 packs by Feb i will lose all the money paid for it.
Worst customer Experiance ever i don't expect such service from amazon.Pure water as it states. Just simple and safe. Always moist and easy open and stick back seal. When we found these 6 yrs ago with our second child we only used these and now have 4 kids and still using them. We wont use anything else. Scented are just for the ones who cant handle the smell but not good for babys. My wife is a NiCU nurse and highly recommends theseThese aren't as thick and soft as the big wipes brands, but they are the BEST for baby. They are so much better on delicate skin than all the chemicals in other wipes. Also, you can use them on the face and on eyes. Our baby had a clogged tear duct and we could use them to wipe off eye boogies, as well as nose boogies (I rubbed one INTO my eye just to make sure it didn't sting, and it was fine).
Now that my baby is 9 months old, I'm switching to Huggies Pure and Natural wipes because they are thicker and softer, and my baby's skin is more used to having soap, lotion, etc on it. But, I am still keeping some of these for face wipes, as the other brands smell really strong. The smaller size 10 pack is ideal for this.These are seriously the best wipes out there. Great for babies with sensitive skin. I have used them on both of my children and they never once had diaper rash. We use them for everything, diaper changes, dirty hands, feedings, spills when we're out and about. These are the perfect wipes.Absolutely love these I'm in a wheelchair and can't get around at all so I use these to keep my hands clean as if I was washing them at a sink the same goes for my face I use them as water for my skin care they leave no film or residue which I love and they have absolutely no scentI love these baby wipes! I’ve tried many brands (honest/babyganics/etc.) and these are hands down the best. They are thick and made of good quality which is hard to find in a wipe. They are fragrance free and don’t leave behind any residue; this also makes me feel good when I need to wipe his hands or face here and there too. I cloth diaper so I think it is the biggest reason my little one doesn’t get rashes but these wipes are non-irritating for my baby’s skin. I highly recommend them!These are the worst wipes out there. They don’t clean well- you have to use a minimum of 3 on a Newborn (that you change every 2 hours). Or a minimum of 7 on an older baby for clean results. The wipes are hard to get out of the package. They stick together and bunch up. They are extremely cold. I wouldn’t recommend these to anyone.If you don't want to use potentially harmful preservatives and chemicals to clean your baby's bottom these are the wipes for you!! The ingredients is the shortest I've ever seen on anything: Water (99.9%), grapefruit seed extract (0.1%). The wipes are a good size, 8x6, and one wipe will do most diaper changes. They are moist enough to get the job done, but not dripping wet. Occasionally more than one wipe will come out, but you can easily push it back into the package. One downside is that the resealable flap looses a little of it's stickiness towards the end of the pack, and they advise not to transfer the wipes into a different container. This wasn't too big a deal for me, so I didn't mark down any stars.My favorite hands down. Other wipes do not compare. So soft, so gentle, so wet. Totally worth the price in my opinion because all others are just so dry and rough. Never had diaper rash. I’ll literally never wipe my baby with anything else! I don’t recommend the soapberry ones in the green packaging tho. Only these, the original!As far as the wipes i have tried, this is the best wipes of all. This is so wet (which the wipes are supposed to be) and doesnt stick with each other while pulling it. No harsh chemicals n just water. Very good on babys sensitive skin.
My only suggestion is they can have a plastic opening with lid lock like the other wipes in the market. Because as we open and use it frequently the plastic wrap cover doesnt stick close properly due to the wetness. Other than this am completely fine with this awesome wipes.
I would highly recommend this product!!
I bought this 2nd time again. And will reorder it too. :)Yes even though they are not scented, that is why I gave it a 5 star on scent. I love these. They are the best pure water wipe I have found. Because they are 99.9% water, we are able to use them for multiple purposes. My husband is a long haul truck driver with no running water. These enable him to clean up his dinner dish easily. Wipe his face without worrying about any chemicals.Our pediatrician told us to use these for the first 2 months because even unscented wipes have other things in them whereas these are purely water. I like that they’re really wet and they get baby really clean. But I also kept a box of tissues on the changing table to dry baby’s bottom after wiping, otherwise all that moisture can cause diaper rash.DO NOT BUY!! These are fake wipes. Extra ingredients listed on the back and real water wipes don’t have the blue ribbon on the front. Also, they were all expired when I received them which is what made me question them. Do yourself a favor and just buy them from target. I called and reported the seller.Water wipes recently changed their product to be biodegradable but with that came thinner, rougher wipes that now cause irritation.Best wipes I've been able to find. So many others are terribly irritating.
Very moist and strong. I've been using them a few years and very happy with this product.There is absolutely no excuse not to use these wipes! A baby does not need soap, alcohol, and other chemicals on their sweet bottom at every diaper change. These wet wipes are the next best thing to wet cloth wipes. We have used these since he was born when he is at school (he is 9 months old) and his school contacted me to tell them about these wipes so they can inform other parents that are fighting diaper rash. They are extremely gentle and high quality. I have a subscription because who wants to think about purchasing wipes? My new "go-to" shower gift as well. I tell EVERYONE about them!We wanted to be chemical free for wipes and diapers and these were the only wipes that were without any chemicals.

We love these wipes after a test order and went with recommended qty for subscribe and save. After a month we only had 1 60 count pack left when our next deliver arrived.

It is a bit cold these days and these wipes will be cold unless you use a wipes warmer. After some research we found out that wipe warmers might breed bacteria so we just use them as is but our baby doesn't seem to mind even during cold nights as house temperature is always regulated.I've spent a lot of time looking for different "green" products for a newborn and hands down the WaterWipes are the best product out there in this category. There are only w ingredients and there isn't another disposable wipe (other than the wipes where you add water) out there that has ingredients that you can actually pronounce / know what they are without having to google. We tried some of the other brands out there and only the huggies nature care comes close, but again there are too many unnecessary ingredients. We use the same number of wipes as compared to using the other brands and feel that our daughter is clean after a wipe or two.Our Favorite wipes as they are 99% water, has no scent, and my son's skin has reacted the best to these. No rash, no irritation, no itch, and they clean well. Think of these as using a thin, wet, wash cloth to wipe your baby's bum.I love them. I discovered them few years ago, and they are without chimic product. So nice in our days!
My kids are grown up now but I still use it in the backpack when we are outside for the chocolate on the hands or other. You can use to clean the mouth, the butt...
I recommend greatly!We used to only use these wipes, but the recent batches we have been getting the quality is not as good as it used to be. The wipes are definitely thinner and not as gentle as before. And because these wipes are more expensive and no longer the same quality, we have switched over to seventh generation wipes, which are nice quality wipes and cheaper too!Para wipes heater aunties to use on two week old bottle-fed rescue kittens. Seem to work fairly well and was pretty convenient. Especially since they are very messy at that ageThe new biodegradable version totally changed these wipes, they are dryer, different texture, smaller, smell bad and I am soooooooo disappointed! These were the only wipes I used, I will not be spending the money on these wipes any longer, they are no longer work their high price tag!Pros: scent free, water based and well saturated. Also no chemicals so no abrasions n rubbing off delicate baby skin
Cons: u try to pull out one at a time a lot come out( not a deal breaker), material is not very absorbent just wipes.I love how sensitive it is on a baby's skin. Moreover, I also found that it takes fewer water-wipes to clean than the cheaper wipes found in the stores. So if you are looking for value for money, in the long run, I believe, you're saving money by giving your child the best. Definitely no chemicals! Only water wipes that clean really well. I also noticed that these can be used on the hands and face compared to the other scented wipes that cause redness to the skin. I'd advise any parents to stay away from anything scented and invest in these incredible wipes for the sake of your children's tender skin.The new wipes are much smaller, drier and very thin. So disappointing, we were such water wipe fans!These wipes are gentle and did not cause any irritation to my little one. However, my husband and I absolutely hated the dispensing, or lack there of these wipes. Like other packs of wipes, these water wipes do not pull out individually easily. Most, if not all the time, you have to find the edge to pull out of the package. And most of the time you end up pulling out two. He was not fond of the plastic tape opening cover. Over time, the tape loses its stickiness and doesn not close the wipes. Also as you're finishing each package, the wipes become more wet, which is annoying.Favorite wipes yet and just trying on my 3rd baby! Love these better than any other wipes I've tried (Pamper's regular and sensitive, Huggie's, Up & Up brand, Parent's Choice, etc). Little to no scent, great quality of wipe (not too thick, not too thin, good size, does not fall apart easily). Will definitely buy again.No sent seem soft enough but just so watery! Did not like that part well... like i put some in diaper bag and its like someone spilled warer in there evrrything was soaked... after 2nd time i realized it was the wipes... i use another brand in my bag and these at home. Also u either need to pat dry or wait to air dry when using these wipes whwn changing diapersUsing these wipes for over 7 months now and have never let me down. My daughter has never had a diaper rash. They are a little pricey but I love that they do not smell of a strong chemical perfume, baby's bottom is clean after since it is pretty much just water. I mainly use them to wipe up poop before washing LO's bottom after a poop and to wipe her face and neck every once in a while or to get a boogie. I am comfortable using them on her skin and that to me is worth the cost.I have been using these wipes on our son since birth 15 months ago. I have loved them up until now. The latest case arrived yesterday. The wipes are significantly smaller and thinner. I am disappointed. Now I'll have to use twice as many wipes as before. If they are going to change a product they should tell you that on the packaging! I'm going to contact the company directly tomorrow to complain. Smaller, thinner wipes for the same price is frustrating. The selling point for me to purchase them in the first place is the lack of toxic ingredients. I love that they are water and a tiny bit of fruit extract. Nothing else.A bit expensive, but would highly recommend. We tried other brands just to try to save money and in the two years we always keep coming back because our daughter seems to have reaction to every brand out there. Very thankful for this product! Without it we would constantly have to use diaper cream on rashes given by other brands out thereI love that these are just water and fruit extract, BUT I do have a couple of issues; they don't pull out of the packaging well..when you have to grab a wipe quickly because you have a mess on your hands, they are hard to get out of the packaging and sometimes 3 or more pull out together which is a huge pain. If they could package them better so you can grab them easier and they don't stick together, these would be the best! I'd also prefer a flip top package rather than the flimsy sticker that seals these shut.I'm very pleased with these so far. I was about to make my own wipes, but finding the right plain wipes to use was hard, and paper towels wasn't cutting it. This was a much better option to move towards cleaner. I wish it was only water and no added extract since i'd prefer to use my own essential oils. But they actually don't smell, so there can't be much on them, and they are definitely the cleanest option in terms of reduced toxins for delicate baby tushies. :)They didn’t come in a sealed box but in a sealed bag which I guess doesn’t matter. The individual packages are skinny I don’t remember them looking like that but I guess that doesn’t matter either. The wipes are good, no fragrance and super wet like they are suppose to be. Good product and worth the money.These are our go to disposable baby wipes! Love that the ingredients are clean and they work really well! I’m a home daycare provider and have been able to compare these wipes to multiple other brands and prefer these by far for cleaning ability. Super durable too! Sometimes they accidentally get washed and dried with our cloth diapers and they come out mostly in one piece!These are amazing wipes. I read the reviews and decided to try them out. Honestly the best wipes I have used and they don’t dry out like some do. I hate feeling like there’s chemicals or some sort of residue left on my face. These leave my skin feeling clean. I bought the economy pack and keep them in my house, car and office.These wipes are more on the pricey side but very worth it, we bought the target brand wipes at first which work fine I think every wipe does it’s job but these are literally just water with a little fruit ex which gave me more peace of mind to use on my baby’s sensitive skin. You can safely use it to clean her hands, her mouth. I use it in between her bath days when she is smells like formula. These are not a must have but if you can buy them get them!I love these wipes! They leave my skin actually feeling clean! Not like just put another layer of something on my skin. Seriously, so simple, so clean.Not a fan. I find the material of the wipe too synthetic, small and they don't come out of the packaging easily. I have to dig with my fingers after every couple of wipes do get the third one out, and I don't easily find the area for easily pulling.They’re amazing and don’t cause discomfort on even the worst diaper rashes, but they’re expensive. I save them for when my baby has a rash and use other wipes whenever his skin is rash free.These wipes are over priced and too small individually. They are not good at cleaning my sons diaper mess. I can't get a good grip on them unless I grab at least three at once. They don't wipe my son all the way clean. There are still little specks left that won't wipe off. It just spreads it around.I absolutely love these wipes. They do a fantastic job keeping the little guy clean without any irritation. They are strong enough for the dirtiest jobs but gentle enough to use on his face. I would recommend these to everyone, regardless if your baby is having irritation issues or not. The only reason why I didn't give this five stars is because the wipes are somewhat difficult to get out of the package one at a time. Most times I end up pulling several out at one time and have to shove the extras back in. Not a big deal but it could definitely be improved.Nicely, compact packaging makes for easy stacking. Have worked well for my babies with more sensitive skin. I love that the packaging is fairly quiet, and only one wipe comes out at a time unlike the cheap brands.I like these wipes and the primary water aspect of them. I was disappointed at how man you get for the price.
As far as using these for a baby I would not. It would cost too much in the long run unfortunately. I know I cant afford that.
I do like them as a refreshing face wipe in the summer though or even if the occasional camping trip.
They smell clean and refreshing.
The packages are resealable and do stay close through the package life.Love these wipes , wont use any other type, have used them from day 1 with him and never had to deal with diaper rash or skin irritation also safe to use on hands and face, would not recommend using other wipes on childs face, it can irritate the skin. I've tried other wipes but none are as good as these, also nite that if you rip the packaging these wipes will NOT dry up like other wipes willI like the concept of disposable wipes that are free of soaps and other additives. The size of the wipes is adequate and they are strong enough.
I wish it was a little easier to get the wipes out of the package.

Edit: After using it for several months, I am changing my rating from 4 stars to 5 stars. I still get annoyed occasionally when the wipes get stuck and I end up accidentally pulling out 2 or 3 wipes at once. Overall however, WaterWipes are still my favorite wipes, I like this much better than any other I have tried.I typically don’t write reviews, but I wish I had read more reviews before purchasing these. They were fine, but many things about them that I don’t like. Firstly, the last 10 to 20 wipes get so sopping wet that they are completely stuck together, and come out as one giant bunch. Annoying! Also, one wipe is not nearly as large in size as one wipe of Huggies or pampers or honest brand. Also annoying. Overall I just don’t like them.
ONE good thing, the only good thing, is that they didn’t irritate my baby’s bum and he has very sensitive skin. So I guess that’s a plus!My baby developed a HORRIBLE diaper rash due to these wipes. I thought I was being conscientious about using only organic or minimal ingredient products on her - however EVERY time I would go back to these wipes - the awful rash would re-appear. We would spend days and nights with her screaming her head off until finally I switched to another brand and the rash totally disappeared! Now that I'm reading the reviews I see I'm not the only one! WHATEVER is in these wipes is NOT good!These wipes aren't very good. They aren't soft and it's very difficult to get a single wipe out of the package. (Sometimes pulling a grip of 3-5 wipes) it's not a very smooth wipe while changing baby either. The only good thing is that they don't smell weird. I will not be buying again.Was using huggies wipes, but they were causing painful diaper changes; even caused a rash/dry, flaky skin during a bout with diarrhea. Water wipes are the best. I haven't had any problem with mold in mine like other reviewers. They do say to use a package within 30 days of opening. I also use these to clean up after meals and have no problem with my baby grabbing and putting the wipe in her mouth because there are no nasty chemicals. I do wish they were easier to get out, sometimes I pull out 2 or 3 when I only need one and then I have to stuff the unused ones back through the small opening.Been using this with my 21 month old since when she was born and have never had any issues. The towelettes are sturdy and soft and I have not seen any problems with them drying out.

The only thing I hate is the way the towelettes will sometimes stick to one another so that you end up pulling out 4 instead of just the one you need.Honestly the best wipes. I was purchasing medical grade ones that you add water to, just like the ones I used in the hospital when baby was born. This is the same, with the water already added in a convenient pack. No rashes, no stinging, And they don't dry out at all. Wish they had these when my other two were in diapers.I like these wipes a lot. They are thin but they are also soft, stretchy and scent free. They have never irritated my child’s skin and don’t have bad ingredients in them so I feel good about the purchase even though they are a bit more expensive. I always get the 720 count, it’s the best value.My wife and I have been using the wipes for over two weeks now, and with twin newborns, we've had plenty of diaper changes to evaluate this product in that time period.

Pros
-------
1) The wipes are unscented, as advertised, which helps alleviate diaper rash and skin irritation.
2) They are of a sufficient size to get the job done. We average two of these wipes per diaper change. Sometimes you can get it done with one, other times you will need three, but typically it is two. This is important to help you understand your burn rate through these, as that directly relates to your costs, should you choose these wipes.
3) One of our babies had pretty bad diaper rash, which has gotten better. It is difficult to solely or primarily attribute the improvement to this product, because we also switched to using Triple Paste Medicated Ointment, so this point is not a full check mark in the pro's column.

Cons
--------
1) These wipes are very expensive. We just did some analysis, and they're about three times the cost of the large brand-name wipes. Consequently, they probably won't become the only wipes in your household, as it is more cost-effective to have other brand-name wipes and only use these when your baby is beginning to show signs of redness / rash. If you have a baby that has very sensitive skin / poops a lot, you might need to use these more frequently or exclusively. For this reason, I deducted half a star from the rating.
2) The wipes are not interlaced, which makes accessing them very difficult. When you pull out one wipe, it is completely independent of the other, which means you have to dig into the package for every single wipe. Picture this: you've got a hungry screaming newborn that you're changing before their feed. One of your hands is holding the baby's kicking legs, the other is digging into the packaging to try to pinch a wipe from the group of wipes. It's 3 am in the morning on a work day, and in our case with twins, you have to repeat that with the next baby. This is very annoying. Additionally, having to dig into the packaging for a wipe is much less sanitary, then having a wipe that takes the place of the one you just grabbed. All other brand wipes we've used are designed in such a way that when you grab one wipe, the other pops up (like a box of tissues). Finally, since these wipes are not interlaced, you're unable to place the water wipes into a wipe warmer. For the reasons listed in #2, I deducted a full star from the rating.
3) The opening is a "resealable" flap. About halfway through use of these packages, the adhesive diminishes and the flap stops adhering to the package, and often popping up and open. Frequent resealing and paying attention to the wipe flap is required, to ensure that the wipes don't dry out and to keep them sanitary. We place a rubber band across the flap to help unsure it stays closed. I've seen other brand wipes that have a plastic flip-top which is very functional. For this reason, I deducted half a star.

Summary
--------------
I would still recommend these, and continue to purchase these, though not as an exclusive wipe. These should be used only in situations where your baby is exhibiting redness / diaper rash or for babies that have very sensitive skin and you don't have another choice for wipes.I bought several boxes of this product in June and July 2021 because many of my friends recommended this. Today I found one bag super light so I checked the package and found one rusted nail sticking from inside out. Unfortunately, return window has passed. I’m glad I found this before use it on my baby. I’ve used 3 boxes (9 bags/box) of this product and it’s the first time I found issue with it. In general, this product is easy to use but do check it thoroughly before use.We had boxes of other wipes then I found these and I donated all the other wipes I only want to use these now. Their nice and wet so his needs comes of easierWe have used these for a few years. By far the best we have come across. No irritation issues at all. Skin feels clean and fresh without any harsh fragrances.I'm obsessed with these wipes. It's the only wipes I use because all the other wipes give my daughter diaper rash. These never do. They're a bit more pricey but Amazon has a coupon a lot of the time and it's so worth it for my baby to not have diaper rash. She's 15 months and they're the only wipes I've used since she was like 2 months old. I've seen other wipes that say 99% water but they still have all these other ingredients in them. These don't. 99.9% water and .1% grapefruit extractGot these randomly to try. We had been using huggies because that's what was sent home with us from the hospital... until my little ones bum was so irritated it bled. We switched right away, and our pediatrician even recommended them after I told her about the irritation. I haven't gotten any moldy bags, which I see other people have, and the expiration date is a normal amount of time, which apparently some people say is too short? Whatever. If you have little one with a sensitive bum, these are awesome.I feel good using these since there is basically nothing in them, but my 3 month old baby doesn't seem to tell the difference. I don't want to use any wipes that have any bad chemicals in them, but cheaper wipes like Babyganics seem healthy as well, non-toxic, and much cheaper. I'm happy to have used this large box for baby's first 3 months (started with a large pack of Babyganics, and have just finished this pack), but will go back to Babyganics now just to save some $$$.Our baby girl has a sensitive bottom. All the other big brands would cause a rash. So we find these and they have been perfect! I see no reason for using any other wipes that have additives to keep them moist. These will dry up a little after being in the warmer for a few weeks if not used, but since they are water wipes all you have to do is put a little water on them and they are good as new. Highly recommend these to everyone, there is no reason to use wipes with all kinds of additives.Horrible new formula. There’s a bad chemical smell. Do not use.I switched over to these after using the samples. The previous brand I used was too dry and has too little friction to wipe my baby's butt clean. I love these wipes - they are adequately moist, smells good, and easy on my baby's eczema skin. I would recommend them!These are probably the best versatile baby wipes! My little one had really bad diaper rash that wouldn’t go away. We switch to these water wipes and within a week his diaper rash disappeared. We also use it to wipe his face every morning and spit up. These are so natural with no scent and it is so wet! Does not dry out easily which we love! Though it is a bit on the pricey side but we are going to stick to these forever!If I could give these wipes a 10+ I would. Absolutely the softest, wettest and purest wipes on the market. Having a daughter with a sensitive tush I have tried, Huggies, Pampers, Seventh Generation & Costco wipes and these are the only ones that don't irritate her! They are super soft and really wet when you pull them out of the package. They are also the purest wipes out there, 2 ingredients- water and grapefruit extract- that is it! I was shocked the other "natural" brands came loaded with chemicals. While these are expensive, they are worth every penny to me to protect my little one from diaper rash and irritation.The texture of these wipes are too smooth. It glides over and doesn’t really “pick up” much. It takes me 10+ sheets when 3 are enough with Huggies. They are also small and very, very thin, like the antiseptic towelettes used at clinics. I have to double the layer to keep my hand from getting soiled.
I will never purchase this product again. I don’t understand why this product is getting such high reviews.I absolutely love these wipes and I’m far from being a baby, or even a babe! I use them daily and always for travel. My only concern, or complaint, is that I can’t find the expiration date BEFORE purchasing and thus I’m limited in knowing how many packages I can buy. It isn’t like using a dozen or so a day when caring for a child. I use 4-5 a day for myself. I wish the distributor could advertise the expiration date in the verbiage but I’m sure it would limit their sales. I’ve been using them past the expiration date without any problems, never any off odor or mold so I’ll continue to gamble because they’re so handy and gentle!These are my favorite wipes! Not only are they free of harmful chemicals but they work better than any other wipe. Red spaghetti sauce is so hard to clean off sometimes but this wipe makes it very easy. Doesn't matter what it's on, tray, dish, face, etc. I've used them as makeup remover cloths too and they work just as well as labeled makeup remover cloths. They stay moist for a long time. I haven't had any dry out yet and I've been using them daily for 3.5 months now.These are by far my favorite. I only buy non scented so that isn’t much different that other wipes I’ve used. The main two reasons I like these is that they are a little more wet which, to me, helps with clean up and they don’t tear up like other brands. Only downfall is price. They are soft and strong but idk if it’s worth the cost.I’ve used Babyganics, Honest, and Seventh Generation, but water wipes is by far my favorite choice!

I’ve noticed babyganics has this vinegary smell and Seventh generation leaves lint residue on your skin. Don’t get me wrong, I love their other products, just not their wipes. Water wipes had none of the above and does a great job cleaning. I don’t ever feel bad using it on my sons face or skin because it literally is just water and fruit extract.These are the best of the best. They get all the dirty stuff off the bum!! Definitely buying again and again. The best way i could describe them is like a pampers wipe but has way more wetness. It's softener than any wipes i've tried and i've tried almost every store bought brand. If you want something soft, hypoallergenic, doesn't smell, or doesn't dry out, get WATER WIPES!! I hope my internet enthusiasm has made you buy these... You won't regret it (:I was hesitant to try these because everywhere I looked they were the most expensive but they delivered. They leave none of that sticky residue that other wipes do while leaving the area clean and refreshed. Great for sensitive skin as they're pretty scentless and come extremely moist. If you can spend the few extra dollars I recommend these.I initially loved this proroduct. Previous to my latest Amazon purchase I had always gotten these at Walgreens. The walgreens packages were always most and comfortable on skin. The entire box that I purchased on Amazon has been terrible. Very very very dry wipes. Very very very rough wipes. The Amazon version of these wipes has really irritated my skin. I thought it was a fluke with one individual package in the box but it wasn't as all packages have been like this. Looks like I'll be returning to Walgreens and spending more $$ to get better water wipes.I liked the scent and how they wouldn't irritate my babies bum. If you're looking for really wet wipes these are definitely it. I personally did not want to continue using them for the price was a bit high for me and I felt the wipes were a bit too thin and found myself using a lot more wipes.I have used this product for over 2 years with 2 grandchildren and highly recommend. Does not irritate the skin. Can be used to wipe hands and face. No chemicals. Very soft.Love this product, but have one complaint. These wipes are in the package individually and not connected, aka if you put them into a wipes container then you constantly have to dig for the next wipe (the next wipe isn’t connected). We do use wipe warmers and we have to open the entire thing to get the next wipe. I wish they were all connected to make things more convenient.Theres an ingrediant written in gaelic i believe, and then english "benzalkonium chloride" and if you type that on the ewg website ypu will see the toxicity rate for that ingredient is high and banned from cosmetics in other countries! But here me are MERICA, the dumping ground..of all the ingredients out there that are safe... Tbey choose to put this on our children.. And we let them.. MERICA'.I love those wipes, especially the ingredients in it =) . They are a little watery but I don't mind the sacrifice cause i have really sensitive skin and I can't use any product with chemicals. It seems there is a couple reviews of people that had problem with the wipes molding. I have just open one package and start using it one or two weeks ago but there's nothing wrong with mine yet. So I will see long term if anything happen to the other packages and come back to adjust my reviews . but at this point I'm really satisfied with that product and happy that a company make wipes with just good stuff in =)Wasn't sure of what to expect coming from a person whos never really bought baby wipes but honestly, they came in super useful and are selling out like crazy to this day lol i still reccomend wipes tho.I love water wipes but I ordered the biodegradable water wipes and received the regular water wipes. I have opened the box to make sure, so the box has been opened. I’m not sure who to contact, but I need the biodegradable wipes.Don't get me wrong, these are great wipes. 3 stats is for the price. Considering that these are pricier than most wipes, you'd think the packaging would be better. It's just a cheap little sticker to keep the wipes shut. Over time the adhesive loses its stickiness(if that's even a word). Wipes come out in one big mess and hard to pull just one out. For the price I'd expect more. Ingredients are just water and grapefruit extract but are super pricey!I was introduced to these wipes by a girlfriend of mine right before delivering my baby. She is allergic to many products and this is one that works well for her so she wanted me to join her in using them. Although the price was a little steep for me at first, I eventually got used to it and prefer these over any other brand. They are thinner and my only con, which isn't that serious, is that they tend to retain too much water...easy solution:wring out the water.I like water wipes, but they are expensive and they don’t really work as well as traditional wipes for cleaning. The packaging is actually awful and often times more than one wipe will come out. We got a wipes container that helped with this problem. I gave it 4 stars since this seems to be the only wipe that didn’t irritate my baby’s skin, even when we tried other wipes that were supposed to be for sensitive skin, including Pampers Pure.These are the smallest/thinnest wipes I've ever used (I've tried Walmart brand, Huggies sensitive, and Pampers sensitive). What makes them truly unacceptable is that every time you need a wipe is just like when you take out a new container of wipes. 100% of the time, you must dig for the flap of your wipe whether you just opened the wipes or you have used half a pack. And I have the unfortunate duty of doing this with a screaming, wiggling, poopy toddler trying to get away the whole time.This is an excellent product which is soft and gentle on the body. Can be used on any part of the body for any reason and they are really very moist, would recommend these wipes for anyone that is looking for this type of productI only use these or Honest wipes because I don’t trust chemicals on my baby’s skin. They work phenomenally, absolutely no complaints. I highly recommend these to anyone and everyone, even just as hand wipes for cleaning hands when out and about even if you don’t have a baby or young child.Smaller, rougher and completely dry now. I’m sure the profits per box are up but product is not terrible, DO NOT BUY!!!Really like these! Expensive? Yes, however we don’t go through them as quickly as other brands. They are thicker, but not too thick, so it takes less, even on big jobs! Also feel more comfortable using these on the face and wiping dropped pacifiers, etc bc they are water based and safer for the baby!Great product for a breast fed baby that barely poops. Now that my son is on formula I will say his poops are more dense and I find myself needing to use 4 and 5 wipes to clean it up. Also, the poop seeps through the towel. Great product for an easy mess.I switched from 7gen free and clear, and their 'sensitive skin'... Been such a hard time finding a safe and simply wipe!!!!

I have tried so many brands, endlessly reading ingredients. This one was perfectly simple and easy!!!

So far, so good.

The wipes have a similar problem to most brands .... trying to get a single wipe to come out, instead of a whole bunch of them is nearly impossible and so wasteful.

If they could improve the design to truly allow single wipe removal, would be so so so so helpfulI always purchase these if my girls have a really sore bottom. Very good on sensitive skin and rash. However, too expensive to use these as my regular wipe.I had to buy these because Huggies natural care was out due to Covid.

These are better than pampers or Costco wipes which I consider to be fiberglass in a wipe. I just prefer Huggies cotton material.

If these were water wipes formula and Huggies material, they would be my new favorite.I love these wipes. They are great cause my son has eczema and these wipe don't flare the irritation. They are also great cause I use them all over his body including his face so don't have to worry about chemicals staying on his skin or rinsing them the wipes out before use so the scent is not too strong. The only con about this product it that it does not come out of the packaging easily you sometimes have to dig to get the wipes out.I LOVE THESE WIPES! I use them on my face & eyes. I have eye issues & have to clean my face/eyes several times a day. These perfectly do the cleaning I need w/out any abrasion or irritation/reaction. THANK YOU for this excellent product!The hospital where our baby was born strongly encouraged the use of dry wipes with warm water (no commercial brand wipes), which we stuck to for the first 6 weeks but honestly became such a pain. Then we switched to WaterWipes and haven't looked back. They get everything nice and clean, and I love that I can wipe her face and hands and not worry about chemicals in her mouth.

I keep them in an Oxo wipe holder, and I recommend letting the wipe holder air out every so often between adding a new pack to avoid any small mold spots. My daughter is now four months and has had no issues with diaper rash. We do a combination of cloth during the day and disposable at night, and we use these wipes for both.

I never thought I'd be writing a 5 star review for wipes, but here I am. Ahh motherhood!Pros: no strong scent, wipes are very wet so you do not need to rub a lot (great for when baby has a rash), has never caused irritation.

Cons: The package does not have a flip top, but a sticker tab. Usually by the end of the pack, we have completely ripped the tab off and torn some of the packaging.I thought these were much dryer than usual to find out that the bottom seal of the wipes was open for every single package in the box. This is a major sanitary problem, who knows what bacteria have contaminated the wipes and they are so dry they’re pretty much useless.

Upset I got a defective, contaminated expensive ass box of wipes.I love how these wipes don't dry out in my wipe warmer. However, since they aren't attached to each other, they were always a hassle to pull out. Whether they were in the original package or in the warmer, trying to grab one would turn into a ball of 4. We'd run out way to quickly because of that.Love the wipes. I tried using regular wipes for sensitive skin but they felt rough and I didnt like them for baby. These are super easy to clean up especially if baby makes a big mess. At first he was fussy but at 7 weeks he doesn't fuss. I'll keep purchasing. My favorite wipes. Would definitely recommend especially during the meconium poop phase. The only con is you get like 60 in them and go through them like crazy but I just would stock up on them.Theses are the only wipes we buy. Have you looked at your wipes ingredients lately? Can you pronounce those chemicals that are in there? And you are using them on one baby's most sensitive areas! No thanks. I'll stick to these disposable wipes I can trust and that have only two ingredients on the label. Are these more expensive than other wipes - yes. But are they worth the expense? Absolutely. They are cheaper than Honest Wipes when I last priced them out and contain a whole heck of lot less ingredients as well.
Do yourself, your baby, and any future grandchild a favor - use these!These were extremely dry, These are suppose to be WET Wipes, wetter than any other wipe. Smh.These wipes work well and don't really have a fragrance which is nice but I wish the cloth material they choose to use was as natural as the wipes themselves. The sheets are made of polyester(plastic) and not biodegradable for that reason, I wish the company would go the rest of the way natural and use bamboo or organic cotton too!Three problems:

First, these wipes do not clean or absorb dirty surfaces.

Second, it is way overpriced, twice the price of other wipes.

Third, they do not dispense properly. You want one wipe but you get a cluster of three or four.I'm sure the wipes are quite fine for what they are, but considering I specifically searched for 'Flushable' wipes, they do not meet my needs. This is not the manufacturer's fault, but Amazon's, for showing products that did not meet the basic requirement that I specified. Very frustrating.My favorite wipes for baby bums... & everything else for that matter! The only thing I don’t like is the packaging. If only it came with a recloseable opening like other brands have. It’s hard to get a constant flow of wipes when you’re changing a squirmy baby’s diaper with that lame opening.

Or it could be the way the wipes are laid. But when I put the wipes into one of those Huggie reusable wipes clutch, they come out just fine.

Regardless, I would recommend these wipes!I have been ordering these every couple weeks or so for a long time. This time around, as soon as I opened the wipes box, the mold smell was completely overwhelming. I’m allergic to mold so I got really sick just from opening the box. Out the question using them. They all went straight in the trash, and I wasted $33 bucks. Never ordering these again.We tried many types of "green" wipes and these were the best. The wipes have a good amount of moisture (other brands were too dry) and doo the job. They were marginally (a cent or two) more then another brand that was too dry. Only complaint is that sometimes they don't come out of the package one at a time as easily as desired - you go for one and get 2-6 stuck together. Not a huge deal.So poorly made, bought this because it was the only sensitive skin baby wipes I could find for my son. Unfortunately, it’s super thin, doesn’t do well with wiping pee or poo. I just ended up using 3-4 sheets at a time. Box didn’t last more than 2 weeks. Couldn’t wait to get rid of it. WASTE OF MONEY!!I’m not a big fan. These don’t clean very well and you require several wipes just to change babies poopie pampers. Whereas, with other brands you need far less to clean baby properly. I couldn’t wait for these to be done.I love that there is absolutely no scent to these wipes. I first tried babyganics non scented wipes. They have a horrible smell and immediately gave my LO a rash. Once I switched over I have not one problem. They are also great for messes, hands and face because there is no chemical residue so I don’t have to worry about him sucking that off his fingers as I did with babyganics.My son is 9 months old and has NEVER had diaper rash. I use these wipes with the GroVia Magic stick diaper balm. I've heard others say these wipes don't do an effective job cleaning up number two. BUT, we found if you use the GroVia Magic stick on the buns, you will never have a problem. (And their buns smell great too!) I would rate these a full five stars IF they fixed the packaging. The sticker never stays closed after reopening the pack up, and the wipes can be hard to get out one at a time. However, they do maintain their moisture despite being open.I love that these wipes only have 2 ingredients! It gives me more reassurance as a mother. My 8mo daughter has never had a breakout or rash and we’ve been using these since birth.This wipe is living up to its purpose! Super moist and easy to use. It doesn't dry out fast. I tried other brands but chose to keep using this one. Highly recommend!... They're wetter than normal wipes so feel cold when used. I really like them though as it seems they cleaned betterWe've been using these wipes for 3 years and for the most part, we really like them. They're not too wet and they don't feel slimy like a lot of the other wipes on the market. As far as I'm concerned, if a wipe can remove paint or Sharpie marks, I'm not using it on my kid's skin! It's true that they might mold if they're left in really warm environments. I had this happen once to a package left in my diaper bag in my car during the hot NC summer. I typically take them out of the plastic wrapper and put them in a wipes case on my changing table and have never had a mold issue there.Best wipes on the market. Smell them they don’t smell like chemicals. I love feedback so please let me know if this review was Helpful or not helpful.Disclaimer: I don’t use water wipes for my babies. I purchased these because they were the soonest available. Now, not having the need for sensitive wipes, I find these to be terrible. The wipes in the top half of the package were dry; the bottom, moistened, but even the moistened do not clean. They just move the soil around on the baby’s skin, without absorbing or removing it.There's a cult following for these wipes. Especially with the whole chemical-free clean concept. I like the idea, but when you have a screaming baby and time is of the essence, these wipes could be packed in a better way so that when you grab a sheet, you end up pulling like a chunk of 6 sheets at a time and they just go to waste. So for expensive wipes, I actually waste more than I should at a time.If you’ve ever experienced irritation down there from the usual mass market commercially available wipes, then this is your answer.I have tried so, so many baby wipes. These are the best ones out there, by far. Yes they're pricey but they clean the best, are the safest ones, don't cause diaper rash, and can be used for literally anything. They are the only ones with a decent amount of water, too. I only get other brands if it's an emergency.I love the wipe, the problem is the way they are folded. They are not folded into eachother, so when you pull one, it doesn't pull the next one the way a box of kleenex does. So, everyone you need a wipe, you have to scratch at it to find the edge. It's very aggravating when you are trying to quickly change a dirty diaper to be fighting with the wipes. Also, if you have a dispenser, such as a wipe warmer, the wipes will not come out, so you have to reach you fingers down through the little hole to scratch at the next wipe to get it out. Unfortunately, I will not buy them again.I really wanted to find something like the wipes from the hospital that were plain, sterile, and just needed to have water added. These are the closest thing I can find, with only water and a fraction of fruit extract added - no chemicals, no oils, no nasty additives or scents, nothing unnatural to irritate sensitive baby skin. I purchase one box of wipes about once every other month - newborns don't get very dirty, so I use maybe a dozen wipes a day. Well worth the money to ensure a safe product for baby!This is all we use now for my daughter's sensitive skin. She devoloped HORRID raw diaper rash after a diarrhea battle for a couple days and these were the only things that didn't leave her screaming and writhing in pain. Also great for drooly faces and handsThese are the only wipes I’ve used on my daughter since she was a day old, and she’s going on 2y/o in a few months!

What I love the most is that there are only two ingredients and they’re both fragrance free and hypoallergenic.Like others, I am not certain if these are knock-off Waterwipes or not. We received Waterwipes as a gift for our NB and we loved them so much (compared to a few others that were gifted) that we bought another case. We still have plenty of other gifted wipes but still wanted these. Lo and behold, the Waterwipes purchased on Amazon are smaller, dryer, and have a very different texture to them. So far we have not come across any issues with them effecting our baby but we are still on the first pack out of the box. Will update a few packs in.Everything about these wipes are perfect for the sensitive skin of our little one. But the size of each bag is not standard and does not fit in most of wipe warmers.My dog chews his paws so my vet told me to get these and wipe his feet every time he comes in. He still chews them but I see how dirty his feet are after using so I like them for that.I have no idea why these wipes had such amazingb reviews! Ok they are gentle that's great but they don't clean very well!!
The best wipes are the Costco Kirkland ones- gentle, large and have texted to pick up the stuck on poop lol!
I was really hoping these were great .All our 3 children use these. We keep 1 on our table, 1 in our travel bag for diaper change and spills in car, cleaning messes, etc. no worries about baby chewing on them. He is 11 months and cleans his high chair table with the wipesNice thick wipe. Easily handles my 6 month old's mega-poops. We have tried other natural wipes, but always end up back to these. We have them in a warmer - I think this is not recommended due to risk of bacterial growth, but we go through them fast enough this has not been an issue. The only problem using them in our warmer is that they are not folded together like kleenex in a box so they do not pull the next one through the hole automatically. I do not recommend using them as travel wipes unless you go through them quickly - they will grow mold if left open too long.My baby seems to break out with everything so once I realized these wipes give her zero irritation I kept buying them. Worth the money in my opinion. They’re super soft and subscribe and save gives a bit of a discount. Also they smell like a spa! They’re so pure I don’t hesitate to use this on her face and other body parts.LOVE these wipes. Stay wet for a long time, even if you accidentally leave open. Very soft. In addition to Aquaphor, cleared up horrid diaper rash almost immediately. Wish they weren’t as pricey as they are, but I love these wipes so much that I’ll pay the price.Been using these since our first child and we now have 4 kids. Would not use anything else. The best and quality are compared to none. They nailed it and have always provided a great product. Scentless and water based for no irritation. Never had a rash and always moistI started using these because it’s what the NICU used when our 2nd baby was born early. They’re great for sensitive skin and using with diaper rashes. The wipes are thicker and softer than others and hold more moisture so you can wipe gently and still clean quickly. I’ve used pampers, huggies and amazon brand. Those are all good products, but I like these better because of the extra moisture and softness.Not really a scent I guess smells like water. Great for all purpose besides just for babies... I use mine on my cat for wiping her sensitive areas and they are sturdy and better for her compared to other brands.I was excited to see that it's cheaper on amazon until I received them and realized that the ingredients do not match up with the ones from the store. Always always always check reviews and ingredient. These wipes are not the real WaterWipes. The real WaterWipes contain water and fruit extract only. These contain Chloride! They're knock off!These are so saturated I have to squeeze the water out of them before using. They are flimsy and impossible to use effectively because they crumple up when using and are worthless for wiping anything. They stick together so much that it is impossible to pull out just one. Worthless.I'm a hard core bargin shopper, but I promise you these wipes are worth the extra cost. I've tried cheaper wipes including the Amazon brand and they don't come close to Water Wipes. These wipes clean so easily, no scent, and are gentle on that little baby toosh, face, hands, everywhere! Worth it!Helps a lot decreasing the diaper rashes that were really tough and severe on my LO skin. she suffers from eczema and she has a very sensitive skin. i've been using pampers sensitive since birth till now (10mo). lately, after introducing solid food and the texture of her poops changed, she started to suffer from rashes and redness. i switched to WaterWipes and the change was dramatic and i noticed that the inflammation has been reduced in just one day. that's expected as water has definitely better effect on skin than all other chemicals. i highly recommend it. and ever if an adult is suffering i would recommend attaching to his toilette a water bidet that would eliminate any rashes or itchiness all the time :)I was using this because it was one of the safest.
But you cannot take one, it comes more than one and they are to wet. Sometime I left it upside down on the bed when it s closed, when I checked the bed was wet.
I stopped using it.There are no better wipes than Water Wipes! These are chemical free, and I feel comfortable using them for all purposes - diaper changes, face wipes, counter wipe down, toy wipe offs - These cover it all! They are think and soft, and they never fall apart. These are as effective as other wipes, but without the chemicals. My daughter is well past diapers, but we continue to purchase water wipes for everyday messes on her and around the house. They are the best mother's helper I have found. This is a great way to buy them in bulk at a great price.My baby’s skin was sooo sensitive, that only this product was able to help me! No redness at all, just keep em in the warmer and also use some aquaphor (original one, “Advanced Therapy” Healing OINTMENT) mixed with Brava Ostomy Powder after using this wipes - works perfectly 👌👍⭐️💯😎Never understood the hype before...now I get it! These are amazing. No nasty smells, no harmful chemicals on my baby’s skin! Never thought they could be affordable but you honestly need less than the crappy wipes as they are thick, soft, and durable. With amazon family and adding items I buy anyway to subscribe and save they are definitely affordable!At the hospital they just give you dry wipes that you wet--and that worked great. So why do wipes have to have a bunch of chemicals in them? I don't subscribe to that. We have used these since our baby was about 1 month old and she has never had a rash or any other issues and like that they don't smell all chemical-like. These are basically odorless. The only thing I don't like about them is they don't dispense all that well, but really not at all a big deal, just noting it. Most times we've been forced to switch to a name brand like huggies she gets a rash after a day or two from the chemicals. We've been using for over two years on our first child and are now using them on our newborn.When my daughter was born in Marchi was very surprised when the nurses at the hospital told us that it wasn't recommended to use traditional baby wipes on newborns. Instead they had us using these cottony wipes and water. When we came home from the hospital I was eager to find something a little easier to use but that was still gentle. I first found these on another site and was very happy with their cleaning ability as well as their gentleness. My daughter has sensitive skin and these do not bother her at all. I was very happy to find them here on Amazon and will continue to use them on my daughter.Still our all time favorite wipes. No scent at all and great great for our son who has sensitive skin! Will keep buying it until he is potty trainedWe are absolutely obsessed with waterwipes and I have use them for both of my children for their entire lives… We recently bought the biodegradable ones on accident and let me tell you…they are awful! They’re rougher in texture, most of the time they feel like they’re dry, and they just don’t wipe up nearly as well as the originals. Definitely switching back to the regular ones.the best for baby's and many other things. I personally use them for my skincare routine and they work amazing. Plus they are so easy on my skinMy baby was born with jaundice so his butt was SUPER sensitive. Any wipe I used gave him a terrible diaper rash. So I had to start washing his butt with water every time he went. I found these wipes and bought them to try and when I used them, his diaper rash never got worse and continued to heal with the Destin cream. It has no scent which is great and they don’t rip apart. I recommend this to anyone whose baby has a sensitive booty. I won’t buy any other wipe!There is so scent, they remove easily from the package, they are a well distributed amount of moist, and they have the least ingredients on the market. Definitely my first choice for quality, but not for price. They cost more than a lot of brands.Chemical free wipes is the way to go. This product is not a US based product (made in Ireland). why is it so hard for a US manufacture to get on board with clean and chemical free baby products? Thanks Ireland for your help!

It's worth noting that my daycare provider commented on how much she likes these wipes over all other wipes and she has been in the business over 30 years and has used many wipes that parents have provided over that time frame.These are great wipes -- some of the best on the market in my opinion. I order this as part of a monthly subscribe and save along with diapers and other baby products through Amazon Prime Family.
However - the latest box I received in January 2019 has an expiration date of 02/19. They were made 13 months ago in 11/17. The printed information is on each individual pack. I still have one pack from a previous order and they were made and expire later than this new box. Amazon quickly rectified this by sending a replacement box, but what an inconvenience!These are the ONLY wipes my daughter uses on our Grandson. They do not have any chemicals like all the other wipes. Read the ingredients on all wipes.When we had our baby, I researched and researched and researched...EVERYTHING. When it came to baby wipes even the "Natural" options had ingredients that were appalling. Chemicals that are known to cause cancer, respiratory irritations and rashes. With Water Wipes, they are 99% water and the other ingredient is Grapefruit Seed Extract....WHICH YOU CAN DRINK when mixed with water! Needless to say the choice was obvious. And they clean up even the toughest messes with no issues. Wash hands, faces and never have to worry about those fingers going right into their mouth. Love them!These are the best wipes ever!! I won’t use any other. They are used in my household as wipes for my babies bottom, to clean her face after eating honestly they are sooo moist you can use them for anything.Our son has sensitive skin and had diaper rash constantly when he was first born. It was so bad that when he was in the NICU they had to use special prescription stuff and started using gauze with only water. We used gauze for a while but its crazy expensive. Then we tried the other "natural" wipes out there (7th gen, etc.), and he got diaper rash with all of them. Enter Water Wipes - these have been great. Yeah, they are more expensive than regular wipes, but they are cheaper than gauze. Plus, happy baby and happy baby butt are totally worth it. Excellent product.The wipes are fine. My biggest complaint is that the individual wipes are not connected to each other, therefore when you pull out one wipe... you have to reach in and fish out the second one. It doesn’t automatically pop up like most other brands. Very annoying for any diaper change that require more than one wipe.... which is almost every diaper change.If your baby has sensitive skin, heck, if your baby has skin, you should use this wipe. It's moist, strong, and most importantly gentle (99% water). First read about this product on a UK mom blog, and was able to order it from Target.com. Since then I have been telling every mom I know about this product!! Best investment ever for the baby. We put it in the warmer so it's warm and gentle for the baby. It's worth every penny!!
I am very passionate about this product, I may need to stock up just in case we want a second kid lolLove how simple and clean they are. Weirds me out paying so much for water on a wipe though. I might look for a more cost effective product now that I will be wiping two bottoms. These are awesome and never broke out my baby. The one thing i have noticed that is different I’m not sure if it’s because of the packaging or the amount of moisture but these wipes always seem to be much cooler when compared to others. When my daughter was a new born i would warm the wipe in my hands before wiping her.Aaaawesome product!!! Only actual allergy friendly wipe on the market, because it only has 2 ingredients: water and grapefruit seed extract. I've used this for years and neither I, nor my family have had any reactions to it in the 5 years we've been using it.I love the concept here of no chemicals. Can you make wipes with texture? These are smooth and don't clean as easily as other wipes that have texture on the fabric. These just slip right over the poop, especially if it's sticky. I bought a case of these too soon, so now we use them for face and hand wipes. I like that there is no could wipe smell like some of the other brands.

I've tried Seventh Generation, Parasol, and Water Wipes and have to say Seventh Generation are the best.I love wet wipes. My child has been diaper free for a year and I still purchase them for bathroom hygiene use. Would recommend for sensitive skin.These wipes are great, exactly as advertised, no scent, always wet as long as you close the package properly and perfect for sensitive skin.
Only thing that could use some work is being able to pull them out of the package, usually end up pulling out 2-3 at a time when you just need one most of the timeSo sad! I want the old ones back. I need a different brand now. UghThese are the most natural wipes you can find.

They come from Ireland...

Just look at the ingredients in some of the other baby wipes and google them - that will freak you out a little. These are literally water and a tiny plash of fruit extract. I've used turn for 2.5 years with 2 kids and never had diaper rash (use with honest company healing balm).

Make sure you dry off after using any wipe before diaper cream...I love the way these wipes clean up and that they are so pure but, getting them out is awful. You either can't even get one or you get 74 and with a crying newborn, it's no fun!tried these after amazon basic wipes were no longer available. from my perspective these do not clean as well as the amazon basics and the packaging is such that unused wipes are not resealed effectively. i gave this a one star mainly due to the poor packaging of the product.Love these! If my son gets a rash I make sure to use these. They are water wipes so they are very wet and do not exactly swipe down in a swift motion like regular wipes. But it’s the same effect if you were using any cloth with just water on it! I compared ingredients to pampers wipes with 99% water, and they had so many random chemicals in them! These simply have a drop of fruit extract :)I love how there are just a few ingredients, the amount of wetness and the size to remove all my makeup.Have always used this product for our baby who has ultra-sensitive skin. They changed the wipes and they are almost unusable now. They are thin, dry, and overall terrible, unless you want to basically wipe poop with your bare fingers. They are rough on his skin and will most certainly cause irritation. I'm sure they saved some costs to make more money, while losing a ton of customers.I have no opinion of the products because I don't use them myself for a baby. It was for a granddaughter to use on her newborn. She has made no complaints. I shipped direct,so never saw the product but they arrived to her just fine.We love these wipes! They're not dry like so many other brands. They're soft. I love that they're only two ingredients, also unlike others. And they clean the baby's tushy well. Also, we've had one package that was open for months with no problem. They may be a little pricey, but totally worth it, in my opinion.I have been using these myself for post partum. I tore pretty bad down there and am not supposed to use anything but water so I tried these and they have been great, since keeping clean down there is a hassle these days. I use them on my newborn as well, he currently has diaper rash, which I think is due to us rushing to put his diaper back on and not letting him dry off so he doesn't pee everywhere, so I can't rule out that his skin reacts to these wipes but so far I def can't blame these wipes either.Cleans the bottoms wellWipes are good except they need to be bigger sheets. Also is very hard to get out of package. When removing hard to grab one at a time. Very annoying when you have an emergency explosion.I have tried all kinds of brands. This is the only one that is completely safe in my opinion. I don't trust Babyganics because of the smell and all the ingredients, also the Babyganic didn't have any texture so it didn't wipe as well. I did use Honest Company wipes for a while and I like them because they have a little bit of texture so it helps wipe solids away but there are too many ingredients in these as well. Also, I notice with Honest Company products they get you using a product you like that you think is "safe" and then they'll suddenly change the packing and/or formulation on you. I don't like inconsistent products.
Water Wipes. These have two ingredients. Water and grapefruit seed extract. 99.9% and .1% respectively. They don't have any texture like the Babyganics product however they are "wetter" and surprisingly wipe well without the texture. Another thing I love about them is that I'm completely comfortable wiping my baby's face and hands with them after she eats. I would NEVER do that with the other products.If you want something completely safe without making your own baby wipes these are the only choice. Yes, you are essentially buying wipes soaked in water. So if you're a DIYer then by all means go for it. I am a dad, I work full time, my wife works full time, we don't have time to make baby wipes, wouldn't even know where to start. Also, the price, it's comparable to the Honest wipes. Make sure to check the WaterWipes website for prices too.I LOVE these wipes. My daughter is very sensitive to a lot of things, I’ve tried every wipe there is until I came across this. Doesn’t leave a residue. Was able to clean 10 or more surfaces and it was still wet. Very soft to touch. Doesn’t leave a residue. I ordered the small pack, but based on the quality, small is all you need! I thought the price was a little expensive but it’s worth it.These are the only wipes I will use in my babies. Other brands irritated thier skin.. even the brands claiming to be sensitive and hypoallergenic. These are absolutely the best available! I have had 6 kids.. they really are the best!Bought these right when the pandemic hit and there was nothing else to order. They work, but were pretty expensive. Maybe after the pandemic, they will be a better value. I paid twice as much for these as I would have for the same amount in a huggies wipe.These are not soft at all, and you can ring water out of a piece. Its gentle and doesn't smell, but it is by no means soft at all. Rough actuallyWe can't live without these wipes! 😍😍😍

When my son was ready to switch to wipes, (we used cotton balls and water for the first couple of months) we needed something equally pure and gentle because of his super sensitive skin. He's now 17 months, skin still super sensitive, and we use water wipes for EVERYTHING.

For the reviews saying they're now smaller, I never noticed! When we first started using these, it was still "original" packaging and "original" size. Someone posted a picture comparing the two and it looks like it made up for the size difference in height so really, look at the surface area. Personally I love that it's a rectangle vs a square because I do one wipe, fold, another wipe, fold, then a last wipe --- so having it longer gives me a larger surface area on that first fold..if you can picture what I'm describing..lol ---

The new packaging I did notice, there's less excess packaging around so it looks more sleek and clean. I did rip the sticker and tear the packaging twice -- you kinda learn your lesson not to pull so hard on initial opening, subsequent openings you don't need to think about it.

I have multiple packages everywhere so it takes a while for us to finish a package. We haven't had a package dry out on us yet, and we've NEVER had any mold issues in the 15+ months we've been using them.

We absolutely love these wipes! 💯🙌My sister in law uses these for my nephew, when I could not find other wipes for my family I purchased these. I will be buying these from now on. They have such a fresh feel without the scent and feeling of chemicals that other wipes do. These certainly smell more natural and fresh.Works great. Bought them because some of the other wipes a number of chemicals in them. So far it has work great. Before they had a terrible packaging where 1 or 2 would leak and the way the wipes were open and close was terrible. With the improve packaging, its easier to close and open.I’ve purchased these twice before and didn’t have a problem with them. Now this is the third time and it smells like alcohol was added to them. I brushed it off and said no way, but when my husband changed baby girl he said the same thing. I didn’t even bring it to his attention that I smelled it first. Something isn’t right about this batch. I’m no longer purchasing them anymore officially using cloth wipes.Just opened my box of wipes purchased at the beginning of quarantine (March 2020) and the fabric used for the wipes sucks. It’s thin, scratchy and not anywhere close to what I’m used to. I get it, there was a run on wipes and they had to make substitutions. This substitution was not acceptable or comparable.Of course, buying in bulk is helpful always having wipes when we need them. But my daughter would get a bad rash using other wipes because of all the chemicals in them. So we always use these wipes and it does a great clean up, on bums, faces, hands. It has more moisture to them then other wipes so i feel that i actually get a better clean and use a little bit less wipes then normal.Box came ripped open missing wipe packets inside. Not eligible for returns!?The product fills a basic need for a quick wipe, and they are free of chemicals and other additives. However, as for the company, the last box I ordered (March 2018) had an expiration of February 2019 (11 months). This box I ordered (October 2018) came in due time, stamped with an expiration date of December 2018 (2 months). Personally, I think that reflects very poorly on the company and their sales practices.After coming to learn that perfumes were bad for our baby, we switched to these at the beginning of the pandemic. All I have to say is, "Wow!" These wipes are awesome and now our go-to quick and easy replacement on my 2011baby wipeThey don't smell like baby wipes which is a super plus, it has less added chemicals and I use less wipes to clean mi baby then with regular baby wipesI've gone through 2+ boxes of waterwipes so far and I love them. My baby never gets a rash. He's gotten a few red spots from farting out little bits of poop too much, but a day of lotion and it's gone. I really feel these wipes have helped keep my baby's bum clean and irritation-free. I've been promoting them to other friends as well. My only complaint is that it can be difficult to get out of the package. Sometimes I pull and 3 wipes come out at once instead of 1. It can be frustrating during late at night diaper changes. Other than that, these wipes are great.We really like these wipes! Especially in this quantity. We go through them too quickly to get a smaller size. My only complaint is that the removable seal looses it’s stickiness after a few days and I have to store it upside down to keep it closed. It had leaked in my purse before and ruined the leather. Overall these wipes are awesome and serve the purpose for sensitive skin. But the packaging truly does need a redesign. It is faulty for sure. But I give this product 5 stars for the wipes inside the packaging. Not the packaging itself.I love these wipes! We don’t have a baby, our kids are older, but I keep a pack in each bathroom. I have very sensitive skin so I can’t use other wipes. These wipes do not irritate my skin at all! They hold up well & stay moist. Other wipes tend to dry out if the whole pack isn’t used right away.I like that these wipes are so gentle for my baby’s sensitive skin! I wish they weren’t so pricy! But when I was having trouble with her skin, I realized her wipes felt like sand paper when I used them on my face one morning (weird, I know). I stopped using them and moved to water wipes right away. Along with a new diaper cream, her skin cleared up right away. These really are great!Like my daughter and husband, my 6 month old grandson has eczema and extremely sensitive skin. These are the only wipes that don’t cause a reaction. We use them for diaper changes and to clean his skin and hands. They are moist and nicely sized.Had high hopes for these. But wetting a paper towel would work just as well if not better and be lots cheaper. Material is very strange and synthetic feeling. Unabsorbent. Going back to Seventh Generation.I love these wipes. These are the only wipes that will not allow my baby to get diaper rash. They work 100% they are more expensive than the regular wipes, but let me tell you that they worth every single penny. I bought the first one when my baby was 1 month old and got a rash and I have not look back since, she wast gotten a rash since then. Highly recommended. I which there were more products like this :D!
BTW I've never received mine with mold. For what is worth, I sually try to buy directly from amazon.No irritating perfume or chemicals. Cleans as well as the other brands, but is so much better for babies sensitive skin.Total garbage, if we weren't in the midst of a shortage, you couldn't pay me to use these.. they are not folded in together, which means you can't use them in a wipe heater or as refills for anything. Each new wipe you pull requires a reset of whatever method you use to dispense.These aren't cheap but they're great. It is what it says it is = Water + Wipes. The hospital actually uses it in the maternity wards. We've been using it generally speaking for 6 years now, even though our kids are out of diapers. We find it super useful to have around to clean grimy hands or anything really. Whenever it goes on sale, we stock up big time.Love these wipes, have used them for over a year, definitely agrees with my baby's sensitive skin. They don't rip as you take them out if the package so that's definitely a plus. What I hate is when you are trying to get a wipe out, the next one doesn't pop up and when you get to the end of the package with 4 or 5 left they all come out. Other than that they are great.These are not my favorite wipes. They don't feel like they actually pickup and clean anything. We are using them for just wet diapers to get rid of them but for dirty we go back to the pampers wipes. I wouldn't purchase again or recommend.I am very picky about the products I use, especially when I use them on my children. These wipes stay damp forever. They don't smell funny. They don't mold. They clean really well, and the wipes are gently soft. I love this product and recommend it to everyone.My daughter was born in New Zealand and we received a free sample of these wipes from a newborn gift pack. I didn't think anything of it and used them as backups in the diaper bag for a while. When we came to America, I realized how many ingredients were in the wipes sold in the store and I was not impressed! So happy to find that I could order these wipes here and its such a good value.
I love that I can use them at mealtimes, diaper changes, cleaning hands, etc. I feel safe using them and sometimes my daughter wants to play with them... Its fine! My favorite wipe for baby and beyondThere is no weird or chemical residual scent from these wipes, they don't leave a bizarre residue on your hands after using them, or on baby's bum. They are a strong cloth like fiber that makes big messes a breeze, and my daughter has never broken out from use with her sensitive baby skin. They are safe enough to use on hands, feet, or face on babies, kids, adults alike. I live by the super big pack and now gift the bundle to all of my new mom or expectant mom friends. The only thing I would say is some toddler kid food creates a sticky poop battle that just adheres to the bum, and sometimes need to use a diluted "soothing bottom wash" to help wipe clean the leftover grainuals...i LOVE LOVE LOVE that these are limited ingredients (purified water, grapefruit extract) and i wanted to love these. BUT someone bought us different wipes and i realized the shortcomings of these. besides being expensive, it is hard to get just one out (it seems like you pull one out then 3 more wipes are stuck to it). the closure is a resealable tape cover, our current wipes have a plastic container with a button to open and easily dispense one at a time. our current wipes are also MUCH softer. so while i wanted to love these, i'm sticking with our new wipes.Love these wipes. My son has very sensitive skin and basically had an allergic reaction to practically every wipe/brand that markets as “fragrance free”. I learned after talking with our pediatric dermatologist that there are very few wipes out there that aren’t full of chemicals, dyes and/or some kind of fragrance. My whole family uses them. Great for sensitive skin.Assuming we can believe what packaging says, then I really like these as my go to for the most natural baby wipe possible for baby. Purified water and a drop of citrus, I’m guessing it’s the acidity that “cleans”. I know these won’t sanitize but theee aren’t any really bad chemicals in it either. Cleans up “messes” pretty quickly. Maybe leaves bottom a little sticky after use. That’s the only complaint.Best wipes ever. From the beginning I wanted to use something with very few chemicalson my triplets. I tried so many organic ones but my kids skin was still suffering. I started to do some research on the best wipes for them and I finally found them. I have been using them for over a year now. My kids skin never suffered again. Thank you!Perfect for cleaning up messy faces. We use standard, cheaper wipes otherwise, but these are scentless and tasteless for faces.My daughter was having really bad diaper rash, so I wanted to switch wipes to see it it would help. The rash cleared in a couple day after using water wipes. I love that I can use them for her face and hands too without it leaving a residue. The wipes are thin and smooth (other wipes are thick and cloth-like) and they stay moist. They’re definitely worth the extra cost.By far the best wipes for a newborn and any baby that has diaper rash. Not my favorite wipe for my toddler but easily my fave for the newborn. These aren’t as durable as other wipes and they aren’t packaged to where each subsequent wipe pops up as you pull out the one before it which makes it a little tough to pull out multiple wipes with one hand as you’re changing a diaper and are elbow deep in baby poo. But overall an excellent wipe.Fake don’t buy this !!!!! You can see the reall one without the dots on the right side.I will never buy another type of wet wipe ever again. These are simply amazing. And not just for babies- but big kids and adults too. They are soft, fragrance free, and super strong. Perfect for sensitive skin because they are nothing but water. I use them on my baby’s face, to clean his hands, during diaper changes, and just about anything in between.Got these overpriced wipes since other wipes have been sold out due to the virus. I don’t see what exactly justifies the cost. These wipes are super thin and don’t have any type of texture pattern so you can literally wipe right over a poopy baby butt and you’ll have to use more and more just to get it clean. I’ve used them myself and it’s as if they put oil and water together within a wipe, just doesn’t do the job well. I’d avoid these especially at the price point they are at compared to other wipes.Whoever is selling these is not properly
Storing them. They were really dry when I got them. I have to add water from the sink to use
Them. I thankfully haven’t found mold...(yet)Bought these due to the shortage most people are facing. They are fine but not flushable. They are a little on the expensive side but hey, you have to have something and I’m not using leaves. At least not yet.I was looking for a natural product for my granddaughter and this fit the bill. It doesn't have any chemicals.I love these wipes which have no ingredient other than water. My twins are now 6- months old and have never had a diaper rash. I use them for diaper changes as well as wiping mouths after eating, cleaning hands, etc. and never worry about what chemicals I'm exposing them to, because there are none in these. Just a small but important one less worry for mommy. Could we make our own since they are just water and it seems ridiculous to pay for water wipes? Absolutely, but for the price I find these are way more convenient, especially when purchased in bulk like this.I love these wipes I use them on my dogs feet and they are so easy to help clean and move on I also work in a childcare facility and most families use these for the diapers and they work greatThese are wonderful! We used to use honest brand wipes but couldn't get them in convenient stores/amazon so decided to look for another natural type brand. My child gets rashes very easily and every wipes brand we have tried (pampers, huggies, babyganics, etc.) all gave her a rash. I bought these a big skeptically at first- because of some reviews stating they mold easily and dry out quickly. I've now been through several boxes of these wipes (this huge 720 pack) and have no issues whatsoever with the molding or the drying out of wipes. They also cause no rash or irritability!Dried CAT urine (I hope it is not human...) on 3 of the packs in middle of the case box. If the warehouse has cats for rodent control, they need to rethink their oest control strategy.Our child does not get diaper rash with these wipes (unlike the popular name brands, which we also still sometimes buy), but the packaging is terrible. Water Wipes used to come with a simple sticker on the top that you assumed would be useless but somehow stayed on to seal the dispensing hole and was effective. The latest packages we received have a harder plastic seal that doesn’t stay positioned over the opening, AND fell off the package. Whatever adhesive they use to attach the plastic piece dissolved entirely. The top wipes dry out when the package isn’t sealed. At 6 cents per wipe, you can’t throw out the top 2 wipes every time you change a diaper. We’ll likely go back to our other primary brand, and only use Water Wipes when we must (to treat/ prevent diaper rash).My week old son developed a severe diaper rash after using Huggies wipes. With a newborn making my own wipes is too time consuming, so after doing some research I found Water Wipes. I love that the only ingredient is water and grapefruit seed extract. All the other wipes on the market (including other wipes that claim to be water) have at least 10 ingredients. The best part is my son no longer cries when he has his diaper changed. That says a lot to me!!!WaterWipes are THE BEST baby wipe out there. PERIOD. They’re so soft, absorbent, strong, I scented and they DO NOT dry out—even in the wipe warmer—which means you don’t waste wipes because of dry ones in the stack. Please don’t waste your hard-earned money on anything else. WaterWipes or bust!i cannot say enough how much I love these! Worth every penny. Yes they are expensive. But you can feel the thickness versus cheaper wipes. And it typically only takes me one wipe per changing. My favorite part is that these are chemical free. Think about wiping your baby's sensitive bottom several times a day, with yucky chemicals in other wipes. I also notice that when I use these, my baby's bottom does not get that stinky smell as when I use other wipes. You will not be sorry you bought these. Go read what's in a regular wipe and you'll be horrified!These are fake waterwipes. Do not purchaseLove love LOVE these wipes. They were the only wipe that didn't irritate our daughters skin as a baby and we used them until she was potty trained because they were the only wipe that didn't contribute to her constantly developing diaper rashes. I still keep a bag handy in my purse for wiping sticky kid faces and hands, etc. since both of my kids have sensitive skin.I’m an adult with sensitive skin who uses these. They are very moist, good thickness, unscented & don’t irritate my skin. They don’t fall apart either. I dispose of them in a small trash can with a lid that opens with a foot pedal. I will buy these again.They work just fine and are easy on the skin. However, they do not pop-up out of wipe dispensers like others do. This doesn't sounds like a big deal, but when you've got a mess on your hands (sometimes literally), it is a huge pain to have to use a fingernail to separate them. Even once you get one up, the others will just stick to it, like a magician pulling out the never ending scarves.My husband and I love these wipes. They are one of the only natural options we tried for our daughter. They clean her well, are thick and durable. She had never had an issue with major diaper rash and I give some credit to these wipes. The only frustrating aspect is that when you get near the end of the package it is difficult to get an individual wipe out. They all stick together and you end up pulling out the last ten or so. The resealing aspect of the package is also not great toward to end. The stickiness fades.These are the best wipes and the only wipes l use on my babies. They have no Aloe or chemicals that could cause a rash.Best wipes hands down for sensitive skin. A lot of wiped say 99.9% water and the other .1% is multiple ingredients that will still break your sensitive skin baby out. In Water Wipes the .1% is Grapefruit seed extract. So happy we found this brand!These wipes do what they are intended, but they are difficult to get out of the package because you can't find the end, so sometimes you get more than one, and the closure on the package stops adhering after about a dozen wipes. Have to keep it upside down to keep it closed.These wipes are great. Why do we need to load baby products with tons of chemicals? This is the gentleness of using a cloth and water, but the convenience of a disposable wipe. The cloths are thick enough to only have to use one for a regular baby "situation", however I will use two for more significant messes. Once I switched to these, both of my sons experienced no diaper rash. My littlest one has only been exposed to these wipes, and we've never had an incident with diaper rash. The older one would get it frequently, but once I switched we have experienced no incidents. I highly recommend these wipes. They are worth the additional few cents per wipe to know that they are gentle and as close to water as can be!Picture- Where’s that cute baby?!
First order contained the original WaterWipes with no chemicals. Subscribed to these and the second order was different packaging and not the same authentic wipes. I read the reviews but took my chances. Thankfully mine didn’t contain any mold.
Even with the .002 Benzalkonium Chloride these are STILL better than the majority of the wipes on the market.While it says best Wipes, I like honest Wipes better. These are a bit scratchy and the packing is not going to hold up.

Will keep them, but will not rebuyThese are the only wipes that don't irritate my daughter's very sensitive skin. They do really well to get her clean, stay moist/wet through the entire package and at 60/pack fit well into the diaper bag too. They are pricier than other wipes but for us the easier option compared to using cloth which is the only other thing that works. There are other 99% water wipes on the market but these don't have the preservative that gives my daughter the rash so we've stuck with them. Amazing product!Why is the wipes smaller then before and not as wet. The new box I ordered is not like the other boxes I’ve received in the past. Did the product size and quality change?Wipes okay they do the job. Problem no snap top to keep wipes nice and wet. Plastic sticky top doesn’t stay stuck so wipes dry out. That’s my only problem with this product.Only wipes that are truly for sensitive skin. Only wipes that are truly water wipesI really like this product...but really hate the packaging. The dispenser is poorly designed...the hole is too small, and it's almost impossible to pull out one wipe at a time...very frustrating. Please redesign the packaging.

The wipe is always moist, and I love that it's simple and pure without fragrance or chemicals. I use it to clean my puppy head to toe after walks. He has allergies, and sneezes much less when I do.We love water wipes - once you child is eating real food. These are thin, and it definitely isn't ideal for newborn explosive poop. You would likely end up with poop on your hands at some point. My only issue is that once you get half way done with the wipes the sticker for reseal really doesn't work at all. It doesn't dry out the wipes by any means, so it's no issue in that aspect. But, I worry about bacteria and such getting in there when you can't seal it back up properly.My granddaughter loved them she said she could use them for diaper change and use to wipe face etc. on my new great grandsonBest wipes for kids and babies! Repurchasing again and again for my girls. It’s good to use on face, hands, neck and diaper area. We use it at home and take it outdoor.The only wipes I will use on my baby! I love them. The lesser the chemicals that touch my baby’s skin the better! The fact that they are non scented makes it even better.This is a great all purpose wet wipe. We've been using it for years. I love how I can use this on my child's face, hands, and butt and it won't cause a rash anywhere, even with sensitive skin. The grapeseed oil does seem to do a good job of disinfecting stuff (no pink eye even if child is trying to do everything themselves) and is definitely better than just regular water and clothI have used these wipes now for about a year or more. I purchase the box which comes 9 packages in it. I have never had any issues with these. I let my baby go through them sometimes and play with them even if she puts them in her mouth it’s okay I don’t get frantic. They are a little hard to come out at time due to the small opening and more than one comes out at a time. I just simply stuff then back in and seal the stick tape back. Would not buy anything else.I have been buying these wipes since my daughter was born and they are wonderful. The only reason I put 1 star is because the last box I ordered the wipes have a smell to them.. They previous one I've ordered never smelled.. I dont know if i shoud be concern due to smell or not but i would like for somebody to contact me and replace them.The wipes are very small packs even thou their is 12 packs
The wipes are very small pack they are nothing like the Amazon brand wipes I bough , I will not purchase these
Wipes never again
I will only purchase amazon brand wipesMy life safer for a little boy that has the most sensitive skin EVER!! After starting out using Pampers sensitive and tried huggies, my little boy would get the most horrible rash. My original solution was having to buy dry wipes and just wetting the wipes before every diaper change. Which was time consuming and annoying. But, then I found WaterWipes and it was way more convenient.
The only thing I dislike is there is no texture to the wipes and the packaging. These worked perfect when my son was only consuming breastmilk. But, now that he is eating solids his bowel movements have obviously changed, its harder to wipe him clean with these wipes. But I will say would give this 5 stars if there was more texture on the wipes. I wish the packaging had the flip tops.I love these! My son has sensitive skin so I love the fact that there are no chemicals or strong smells to these wipes!Really great for sensitive skinned babies! I use these for my kids. For all purposes... butt, face, hands, any where. I think wet wipes had to change their wipes due to the covid19 pandemic because of supply chain issues. But they're fine for me either way. Would recommend.I got this babywipes on baby shower as a present. My baby has sensetive skin so they work perfectly for her. Light scent, 99% consist from water - i think this is the best baby wipes in USA. My baby 6 months now and I'm using only them!These are fantastic!! We LOVE that they don't have a lot of added weird ingredients - just water and citrus. We typically make our own wipes - but these are great if we are out and about or are running low on the homemade ones and need something in a crunch. My mom watches my dauther and doesn't do "Homemade". Haha. So, she uses these too, and loves them as much as we do. Thanks for making a great product!

We haven't had any mold/mildew issues that others have mentioned.Wow, this is my first time using these with my second baby. I noticed his skin was sensitive and he was getting diaper rashes pretty easily, so I wanted to try these water wipes. They are so great! Not irritating to his skin and work really well.I like that these wipes contain only one ingredient other than wSter. They are very wet. I really like them. I wish they could be bigger and stronger. I feel like the socks are getting smaller over time. And you need to use multiple wipes at once. But these are great fir sensitive skin.My wife and I, especially my wife, love these because they're simple and without all of the perfumes and chemicals in other wipes. This means we feel fine using them as face and hand wipes as well throughout the day for our daughter, a real plus in restaurants. So far we have not experienced any of the issues other have mentioned but I'm not sure frankly if we have the old or new shipments...assuming the new since we order regularly.

My biggest complaint is actually the way they're folded and come out of the package. I find it a pain to try to get one out of the package and sometimes end up with 2-3 at once. It may sound like a minor complaint but when you're dealing with a messy "emergency" and screaming baby it's no small thing. I don't understand why they can't just go buy a pack of Pampers wipes and copy the folded packaging method! If they did that it would definitely be a 5 star rating.Good packaging and great price. The only issue I have is that they are too thin... it almost feels like you grabbed a water soaked paper napkin. I wish it was a bit thicker material. The end result is I have to use more wipes than I would a Pampers or Huggies brand.We have been using water wipes for since our baby boy was born and he’s now 21 months old! We’ve never had an issue with rashes from the wipes, they clean him off wonderfully, I know they’re not full of chemicals that will harm his skin, and we’ve just been so happy with this brand! Highly recommended! I love getting a case of them and not having to worry about getting them so often!The material of the wipes is so thin and wispy that they are very difficult to use. Plus they don’t slide on the skin so very prone to bunching up and contaminating your hands. Useless. Returned. This is the first review I have ever writtenThese are the ONLY wipes I will use on my newborn daughter. I exclusively used these wipes on my son until he was around a year old, and he never had a diaper rash. I have friends who used regular wipes for their babies, and they always complained about their wipes irritating their baby's bottom. As soon as I suggested trying these wipes out, they said the problem cleared right up. I did switch to regular wipes when my son turned one, as these wipes are on the smaller side, and I needed something a little more hardcore (not just water) to clean up toddler poop. But I am now using them again with my daughter, and couldn't be happier. These wipes are a must!!!My baby has eczema, and overall pretty sensitive skin. We have been using these since day 1. I have never worried with these, for wiping his hands/face or diapies. In binds we've had to use Pampers or another brand, which lead us to a red bottom. Uh oh. But these...these are the best. Great to buy in bulk and give a pack as a gift.This is the best baby wipe on the market so far. Am testing most care for baby on my self and I received a sample in the Amazon welcome box for baby gift registry. I am excited for diaper changes with this bulk supply of quality wipes soft moist and perfect thickness super gentle and soothing. I hope my baby will agreeThey work great and do not a strong scent. Doctor recommended it it to clean the eye boogies from baby's face. Working wonders thus far.I use them for myself! These are great for feminine use because it doesn’t have all those chemicals in them that can cause itching and burning.Thank you.Extremely gentle wipes. The packaging was a concern since they do not clasp shut however The wipes do not dry out if the bag is not perfectly sealed. My favorite thing about these wipes is that they are not connected or intertwined. Nothing is worse when changing a bad diaper than not being able to get another wipe quickly. When baby arrived we shopped around and used many different wipe brands and came back to these. They do cost slightly more than other wipes but it is 100% worth itOverall good wipes, good moisture and size. No scent, which I like. But overpriced for there amount I got. Very expensive. Not sure if this is the regular price of them because I've never bought them before or if it's there chaos of coronavirus the raised the price.Water Wipes are a wonderful product for our baby that has very, very sensitive skin and is prone to rashes at the drop of a hat. We tried other wipes that were geared toward "sensitive skin", but they never did all that much better than a regular wipe. I bought a package of water wipes in a local grocery store just trying to find ANYTHING that might help my baby with the delicate skin. It sounded ridiculous - water? - but it worked great. The problem is, I couldn't find it again in any of our local stores. Sure enough, I found it on Amazon and was perfectly happy to buy a whole case! I cannot say enough about this item. Not sure if it solves your problem, but definitely worth a try.We have used water wipes since day one with my son. He is almost two and we still use them. I like that they are not full of chemicals, do not smell funny. Perfect for those littles that have sensitive skin as well. Tip: If the package starts to dry up just add a bit of water and place in a zip loc bag and they are just like new. We transfer them into a reusable sealed wipe holder which works great.no scent, no chemicals...perfect. the feeding of the sheets is a challenge and I would imagine annoying when trying to change a baby...but for this old lady, they're purely perfect.THE ONLY WIPE THAT DOESNT GIVE MY KID A RASH! Seriously. Every single time I try something else he gets diaper rash, never fails. I am so glad I found these. They clean well and unscented. Worth every pennyOk so I bought these with the thought I do not want any chemicals on my baby, so when I found water wipes I was I excited.

Well yes they work, they're thick and will get the job done. The reason I'm only give 3 stars is because 1 when we received them the nic was dripping wet. One of the packages must have had a small opening. Not ok.

So when I started using them the amount of water that was left on my baby was kinda ridiculous, I had to let the baby air dry before placing his diaper on. I mean I should have know since they're called WATER wipes, I just didn't expect it to be that much.

Overall the wipe is very thick, packaging could be better since water comes out of the top. They'll get the job done but it have to wait for baby's bottom to dry otherwise you could cause a diaper rash from the excess moist.We have used these daily since baby was born, she's now 2. They are soft, won't cause irritation or an allergic reaction. We keep these alongside conventional wipes (7th gen) on the diaper tables, and use these as a final rinse-she has rarely had diaper rash. We use them in her face and hands as well, as there's no residue like other wipes. They are also totally awesome for grabbing hold of dry and sticky snots, the material has a little bit of grip-much better than the grape-perfumed boogie wipes product that smelled awful.Love water wipes. Does an excellent job of cleaning bottoms, faces, and hands in a pinch. No perfume, fake power smell, no dyes, no nothing! My only complaint is more than one wipe comes out at a time, so I find myself stuffing a handful back in the package. If you don't close the package completely, they will dry out faster than other wipes. Also sometimes they stick to the skin when you are wiping and it's like trying to wipe a butt with speed bumps.Too wet and way too small. Photo is comparison with a water wipe (bottom) and a RICO wipe. You’ll need at least twice as many wipes to get the job done.Yep, the reviewers who said these are crap are totally right. I figured that there must have been some user error involved, but I've stored the wipes in a dark area at a constant 66 degrees. So far, 2 of the 4 packages have been mold filled. Do not purchase. The photo doesn't show well, but it's all mold. Gross!Those wipes are not a bad product, but it's way too expensive. You can get same number of wipes at half the price from other reputable brands. Packaging can use improvement too, that sticky "lid" on pack is not very practical.These wipes are good. I have a baby who can only tolerate water and these wipes do I get them for the road. I hate that the actual wipes are stuck together and getting just one out is a struggle.I have used these wipes exclusively at home for my 2 year old and 4 month old. The only time my son has ever had any form of diaper rash is when his daycare uses different wipes. They are strong and not scented. They may not be quite as soft as some other wipes but for me, it is more important to have fewer added ingredients and chemicals. I highly recommend these wipes.Love these wipes... when they’re not expired. I’ve used these for almost five years with three kids. Large wipes, all natural and simple ingredients, effective at cleaning what I need to clean. But I ordered these in mid-Dec and the package I received was manufactured in Sept 2017 and expires December 2018. Hoping the replacement is a little more current.My daughter has eczema and these wipes don’t irritate her and they are so moist. Clean up is a breeze and I use way lessWe lived in England for a while and found these on the shelf. I couldn't believe my eyes. 2 ingredients and one of them is water! Amazing! Considering the midwives all recommended just sterilized water and cotton wool, this was perhaps a bit more caustic, but man, I have loved these wipes enough to order big boxes regularly. I love that they are safe and nontoxic and I feel good using them on faces, hands and sensitive little baby bums with diaper rash even. They're great!All I have trusted for my little ones. Both by babies had skin issues with the heavily fragrances and chemicals in conventional brand baby wipes. These Water Wipes get the job done well without the unnecessary extra junk. I use these for so many other uses too! Great for cleaning up spills, stains and messes, removing makeup from your face or from your shirt with equal gentleness and effectiveness. A must-have for all parents!Love these wipes and they seem really gentle. The challenge is the packaging: when changing a diaper, it would be so much better if you could easily take one wipe out at a time (as opposed to a big clump of them).I’ve been using this brand for 5 years with two kids. Just got the new formula and they are smaller, muchhh dryer and overall a total bummer. Cancelling my subscription.I was searching for a better way to clean up my baby butt, not that he had any rash or allergies but I was a little concerned about chemicals on his skin. I've tried several organic brands but this one is by far the best: there is only water and fruit extract on it, but they are still very efficient. What I like is that they don't dry out if you don't close the lid perfectly. This is just like a damp cloth. There is no perfume. And the best part is actually that they don't cost an arm like other "organic" or "natural" products.These are costly but I will not use any other wipes. I love that they are pure with just water.Like feel and easy to use,

Dislike need pop type to unseal by pulling glued down area. But then after a few uses want sealThe quality is still very good. But the individual packaging inside is not as beautiful as before, and the pattern is relatively simple. The quality of baby wipes is more important than packaging. So I still give five-star praise.I buy these in bulk and they are worth every penny. Absolutely no oily residues or fragrance, and the thin, simple sheets do a surprisingly good job cleaning up. Wipes stay moist. We use them to clean everything that the baby uses. My baby has sensitive skin and has been irritated from other "natural" wipes. No rashes or irritation at all (I use with Honest diapers). I always give a box of these as a gift at baby showers, and anyone I've given them to has gotten hooked. LOVE THESE WIPES!These are my go-to wipes. I love that they have no additives and can be used on babies' faces and hands as well as bottoms. They've never cause any diaper rash in the 2+ years I've been using them. The only thing I don't like about them and why I'm not giving 5 stars is because they are not folded within each other. So the wipes only come out one at a time and you really need to use 2 hands to separate and unfold the wipes. This is very difficult to do with a squirmy baby.Love these wipes better than any others I’ve tried. They are thin and don’t have texture but that’s the kind of wipe I like. They have no scent at all and don’t irritate the skin. Just wish the wipes dispensed one after the other. They are stacked individually so in a wipes dispenser they don’t auto replenish the next wipe.The title captures most of my thoughts but I have to say, my daughter never gets a diaper rash! Best wipes we've used.No residue, no smell, no chemicals, nothing but water and grapefruit extract. Perfect choice for us aside from using cloth wipes with water which we do as well.
These are also great for cleaning up babies face, hands, high chairs, pump parts, makeup, etc. You never have to worry that you are wiping them with irritants. All these natural wipes have so much stuff in them and even calendula oil and herbs can burn sensitive bums after repeated wipings. We change our babies all day long, lets give them best! LOVE THESE WATER WIPES!!!!I order this October 2020. It's exactly what i was looking for (grapefruit seed extract) and 2022 expiry date.The actual wipe is very nice- very wet but the packaging and how the wipes are stacked are terrible. The package they come in is very cheap and not good for daily use. Tried 3 types of wipes boxes with them and they don't pull through and if they do then you get multiple. Of course I bought a case so just have them in sealable box that I open for every diaper change. . . Will not buy again because they are not easy to get out (of any container!)No scent and these are very moist. They don't dry out easy like other brands either.I loved the idea of less products on my baby's skin and ordered a case of the Water Wipes. I ended up stopping using them due to the packaging being so difficult. Most of the time 2-4 wipes would come out at a time, which was both a pain and a waste, especially considering the premium price point. Also, they are super cold and according to the company cannot be safely put into a different container due to mold concerns. I switched to Amazon Elements and am much less frustrated for a third of the cost.I love how natural these wipes are! As a first time parent using wipes, I discovered that these are probably the wettest wipes you'll ever encounter.. there's leftover water in the bag even after we're done using them. Also, maybe because of the wetness, it's difficult to pull out each wipe on its own. The sheets tend to get stuck and I have to use both hands to pull out and separate, which can be inconvenient when you're changing a diaper and only have 1 free hand.Best baby wipes in this World.
If you love your baby enough ( I am sure you do) please use this, only 2 Ingredients : Water & Grape seed oil so Why Putting on your baby skin wippies with ingredients you can't even pronounce ...??
1 less star : I would love for the material to be softer as other leading brands baby wipes , anyway water wipes are soft enough but not perfect for my preferences .
I won't use any other baby wipes than WATER WIPES, so safe to clean my baby face and hands also.The only positive is that they are wide. Unfortunately they aren’t as moist as I would like and they are very thin. Wouldn’t buy again.Love love love these safe wipes! Only thing I don’t like is how he’s it is to get just one wipe and not a handful; and the seal to open a package is hard to open and will rip sometimes.I have been using these for 3 1/2 years now they are the best! for everything! I always keep one pack in the car! If they r to wet I just sqeeze it out a little. If they get to dry add a little water! Which only happens if the pack tears or something! They have no chemical taste or smell after you use them. perfect for washing hands, face, butts, everything! The cloth is soft and tough! These are my favorite by far! My child has never had a rash from these! Have not found anything close to these! closest thing to a real washrag and water.I use these for practically everything! I’m sensitive and could never find any that I could tolerate the scent, also love that I can keep in my car and they don’t dry out or freeze.The wipes are super clean, no nastyness to harm your baby, but the packs can get on my nerves. For the price and lack of ingredients you would think the packaging would function better. Wetness gets around the sticky part and then its not sticky anymore. it would be cool if it came with a plastic container with a nice snap lid. Sometimes the wipes really wanna stick together too. I keep getting them though cuz they dont smell funny like every other fragrance free kind ive tried.These wipes got thinner and smaller! These used to be thick and efficient, now we're going back to our old wipes.Used to buy Clearly Herbal Baby Wipes, but then realized that it had a chemical scent and phenoexythanol, which is less natural of a preservative than grapefruit seed extract.

Seriously love knowing that I am not putting chemicals on my baby's bum. There is no scent to these. They are thick and get the job done. The wipes have never torn on me. We keep one package in several rooms in the house so that we can change the baby wherever we are.

These are the BEST baby wipes!!!Only issue is that these are NOT the textured wipes. Otherwise, love that they’re clean, simple ingredients.Unfortunately these wipes caused a rash on my son. After using it once, I saw that a rash developed on his face. To make sure that the rash was due to the wipes, after the initial rash subsided, I tried the wipes again a few days later. The rash came back right away.
I would like a refund but unfortunately the wipes are not returnable.Honestly I bought these because they are the only ones available. They are the best wipes I’ve used! No diaper rash for my baby. He has sensitive skin and he has no problems with these wipes. There’s no soapy residue left of my hands after using these.We use Water Wipes along with Huggies Natural Care, but Water Wipes seem to be better with treating and preventing diaper rash. The only downside is that sometimes these are hard to pull out of the package one wipe at a time, but they work well otherwise.These are hands down the best wipes we’ve ever used. After giving birth to my triplets in 2015 and having my babies have a horrible skin reaction to pampers sensitive wipes, my husband and I wanted to find wipes without so many chemicals so we switched to these and within a couple days the triplets skin irritation was gone. My triplets are turning 3 years old this summer and we still use them.
I’m only reviewing them now because we were buying them at Target and now we buy the big box from Amazon.My daughter got a really bad diaper rash days after being home from the hospital. We tried switch diapers all different types of diaper rash creams and it turned out it was the wipes we were using. We’re not sensitive enough for her once we switch to water wipes her rash went away almost instantly!I was a little nervous given that I’ve never bought this brand before. However, wipes are high quality. Fairly thick, fragrance-free, moist, and come in resealable packages. Bought two big packs with multiple smaller packs inside. Worth the buy.When dads start to favor products you know it's good. Our son has sensitive skin and these are perfect: no harsh smells or chemicals. We tried using other water-based wipes but these still take the cake. They are the perfect size, wetness and material.These wipes are great. I actually cut them in half because the wipe is pretty large, too large for my little baby's butt. I cut them in half and put them in the OXO tot PerfectPull Wipes Dispenser and I don't have the problem of them drying out. Although the wipes that I keep in my diaper bag I keep in a zip lock baggy because the tab on the package wears fast and exposes the wipes.Other than that I love these wipes. I got a sample of some pamper wipes and used one on my hand and they were greasy. Yuck! I threw them away. This are clean.FAVORITE WIPES! My skin is very sensitive & all other brands were irritating my hands severely. These wipes DO NOT! They are free of chemicals & perfumes. They are very soft. The grapefruit seed extract helps reduce the instance of diaper rash b/c it is a natural anti fungal, and my son has had NO rashes in the 7 months we’ve been using these. If you want something clean & natural, these are the BEST!I love these wipes. We’ve tried many other wipes that claim to be chemical free and 99% water, but we’ve always returned to these because they are the only wipes that don’t irritate my sons bottom. Yes, they’re pricier, but worth every penny. Only downfall is the packaging and thickness of the wipe. It’s hard to pull just one wipe out at a time and they’re not as thick as other wipes. Other than that, these are the best wipes we’ve tried!I’m expecting my second baby and I used the water wipes with my first baby. We just love the water wipes they are very natural and no odor at all. Really loves them.These are definitely one of our favorite brands for wet wipes. A little pricier but they work nicely and don’t cause any reactions.I love how natural they are, lacking all the yucky chemicals. So natural I often use them on my sons face and my own as well. I would rate them higher however I don't care for the texture of them. They are completely flat/smooth which I find don't work as effectively in wiping booty's as the textured wipes that have bumps or designs in them which help them kind of grip the skin a little to give a better wiping.These are great wipes. Thick but soft, non-scented. The problem is that they're not folded in a way that the next one comes up, like many other wipes are. This makes it difficult to use with one hand, which is obviously a really irritating problem. Great for cleaning around the house though.I love this product. My baby has super super sensitive skin and this is the ONLY baby wipe brand that does not inflame her bum. I’ve tried all the “natural” and “hypoallergenic” brands and they did not work. They are a bit more expensive but to balance that I use water on a fresh cotton wash rag at home and use these out in public. I rather balance that way and make sure there are not chemicals going against baby’s sensitive skin!My baby was super sensitive to the pampers sensitive wipes. The pampers left a chemical film and did not allow my babies bottom to dry quickly.The chemicals also gave him diaper rash and thrush. Our doctor and a friend told us to just use paper towels with water. My husband and I tried this, but it was requiring us to run back and forth between the bathroom to get water, plus our baby won't lay still enough for us to prepare the wet paper towel. We opted for the water wipes and they are awesome. There are no chemicals, no smell and they work really well. I gave them four stars because they come out of the pack in bunches so it is easy to waste wipes. this costs us more money.No irritan la piel de mi bebe a comparacion con otras marcas. Son 99% de agua. Lo MALO es que la orden que me enviaron.....La fecha que contiene el producto esta CADUCADOWe’ve use these wipes for about a year, but i stopped ordering them and will be using another brand once we are done with them.

Pros: two ingredients and my sensitive skinned child tolerated it well.

Cons: super expensive, thin and small (we needed to use multiple layers of wipes), hard to pull apart as well as out of the packaging, you must use them within a month of opening, and they were too wet if that makes sense at all. I had to squeeze excess water before using.

All in all, they were nice; however, the price and usability led to my decision to change to a different brand.These wipes are exactly what I wanted for my grandbaby. They are wet enough to clean good without any scent or apparent residue. Have been excellent for her ultra-sensitive skin.I initially received a single use sample in the mail (not amazon) and I loved it! They are unscented, slick and the packaging is so convenient. The sealing plastic flap is stiff and seals back every time even if the surface is a tad bit wet. I bought this for my sister for her newborn and she loves them for her sensitive skin, no more rashes and doesn't need as much ointment since she dries up right away, it's just water! But with a great consistency.These are my favorite brand on wipes. The extra wetness really makes it easier to clean up messes. They are soft. They don’t break my baby out. The price is reasonable. I will continue to purchase this item.This is a great, quality product. However, these wipes may arrive with up to a (2) year shelf life. They have a 'made on' and 'expiration date' stamped directly on each package. Be mindful that you may receive a shipment of nearly expired or expired wipes, which has happened to me on more than one occasion. I immediately send those back for fresher product, as some suppliers do not rotate their stock. These are not inexpensive wipes, so why accept lesser than fresh product?These wipes are perfect for the babies’ sensitive skin. I once switched to a different and very famous brand and my 2 months old daughter had a bad rush. I switched right back to water wipes and it cleared out immediately. She is now 15 mo and never had a problem so far!So soft and there is no strange smell like some other wipes. But sometimes it is hard to take out one wipe and 2-3 wipes come out together! Also as it is just water, it makes my baby’s skin wet and I need to dry it or wait for a minute before diaper her again to let her skin air dry.
I used them for a long time and my baby has never had any issue or rash. Good product in general.The best for sensitive skin!
No odor and no chemical feel like the big name brands. They clean up great and I wouldn’t used any other wipe. Since they don’t have the harsh chemicals you can use them for just about anything! They have improved the packaging lately so they wipes don’t go dry and have an easier sticky tab to closeThese are so moist! I usually pull out like 7-8 wipes for those messy diapers but with these I only use 2-3. I love m the ingredients and love how gentle they are on my baby’s skinThese have been our favorite wipes for the last three years now. They stay wet, clean well, have no scent, and my kids haven’t had a single rash with them. I’m always sure to add a pack as baby shower gifts and have recommended to all my friends. I store the packs upside down until I’m ready to open the package because I read somewhere that keeps them the best.Best Wipes ever! Anybody that has left a review that says this product gave their baby diaper rash, needs to check their babies diet because there is no way these could possibly give diaper rash. Diet or the diaper is causing the rash it is definitely not these wipesNice wipes. My only complaint is almost everytime I pull a wipe I pull more then one. Im a man with construction hands so its more then likely me. I have not tried other wipes yet to compare. But the product works well and is good value.I'm a microblading/permanent makeup artist in Cutler Bay. These are better than using baby wives they don't dry out and you waste less. All I need are 4 wipes per procedure compared to the 10 baby wipes.We LOVE these for our toddler. She’s no longer in diapers but we keep a pack at the dinner table for easy clean up of her hands and face, and we always have one in the car with us or when we go out to eat etc. We love that they’re just water based, so no harsh chemicals which is important to us!I think these wipes may be fake or counterfeit they aren’t as wet as the ones from the store they have a smell to them which the ones from the store don’t and my son got a horrible horrible diaper rash after using these wipesThese are the only wipes I can use on my baby that does not cause diaper rash to his skin.The best wipes in the world!It’s a great choice for sensitive skin/newborn babies!This wipes are really watery and that’s why it does the job all the time with no mess. Does not have any fragrance and works well for my baby! Recommend to everyone!After my child got diaper rash and would cry any time we wiped her bottom, we switched to these at the advice of friends. They are the only wipes that don't have harsh chemicals that cause a burning sensation on diaper rash. We now consistently use only these.We love water wipes! We have used them for 2 years now and are so glad there are natural wipes out there. I left off a star because I wish they were as "grippy" as the not natural brands. They are very wet and slick. Harder for wiping #2 messes. But still worth purchasing a natural product.Originally I was a big fan of yours but after switching to regular Pampers brand wipes I'm not convinced they're worth all the hype. Well they were fine as a wipe I had a lot of difficulty pulling them from the package without getting clumps of them and wasting and after using them my son still smelled. Didn't really give him as clean as I would hope. Child has sensitive skin they are fine but otherwise I would skip itLove these wipes! We were using a pampers brand and noticed the baby started to get a really red rash on her bottom. Switched to the water wipes and her rash went away almost by the next day.The product is wonderful, I just really dislike the packaging because it only seals with a sticky tape closure that looses it's stickiness after constant contact with the wipes you pull out. Its also sometimes annoying to get the wipes out. I guess it's not so bad if you're using them for bigger kids or recreational purposes, but if you're changing a diaper you want something easier and faster to get outWater and Grapeseed extract. What's not to like. The packaging works well and they come out one at a time. Not so with other brands.First time trying water wipes and I absolutely love them. They have no scent and therefore no irritants to my baby’s bum. He has gotten very few diaper rashes in comparison to my other two children with whom I used Pampers sensitive. I will keep repurchasing.We love this product so far after a few days of trying it. It has a calming effect on the baby's skin, what's purer than just plain old water? It does not have any chemicals nor irritatting oils.. we used Bamboosa prior, and while it seemed good, we noticed after a while that it caused our baby's skin to turn reddish and a bit irritated.. perhaps due to the many organic oils in it, some could have been irritating.

The issues we have with DermaH2O are cosmetic overall as follows:
1- Packaging: the wipes pack has a cheap adhesive-based cover that sometimes causes a rip in the package which eventually causes the pack to not close firmly, and as a result the wipes start to dry out
2- Overall, the wipes aren't as moist as they could be. If you pick wipes from the middle of the pack, they'd be nicely moist. However wipes from the top don't have enough moisture. We sometimes have to use more wipes as a result. I'm guessing the reason is due to this cheap packaging that may leak air inside the pack if not closed well.

Overall we like it, and we would buy it again.. this is the best in terms of purity that we've seen so far.I've had a huge supply of these that's lasted me two years and just reordered a new pack. These are great for wiping - no noxious smell or perfume of any kind - but the best thing is that they really do not dry out from storage. The new packs I opened after two years had plenty of moisture left, and also the pack currently in use would have enough moisture in each napkin all the way through the last one, even though my 6 year old forgets to seal the cover half the time.Wet wipes that are essentially just water and mess-free. I use these every day and I couldn't recommend them more.Wipes are dripping wet. My new born don’t like it because of too much water, it is cold unless you use a warmer and I don’t like it either because it doesn’t clean the baby 👶🏻 as it should because of too much water.Yes, they are pricier but I started using these on my 3rd and 4th children and never once have they had diaper rashes (while my 1st and 2nd had them frequently using other brand wipes). They get the job done and protect sensitive skin! Will continue to purchase and use!No scent. No additives. Study, do not tear apart. Soft. Simple and great product. I can’t go without these anymore. The best I have ever used. I have tried many wet wipes.These are the best. I'm trying to avoid using too many chemicals especially around his wee and bum so it's nice to have something natural. I can also use these to wipe his hands knowing he's going to stick it right in his mouth afterwards. I'd recommend avoiding wiping a baby's face with these due to the grapefruit; It can be incredibly drying and irritating.We actually get these for our four-year-old, who has extremely sensitive skin, and cannot use the typical Kandoo or Cottonelle wipes for personal cleaning after using the potty. We set her up with a little step trash can and let her know they cannot be flushed, and they have been great! She's able to clean herself well, without fear of irritation from unnecessary fragrances or chemicals.These are so much better than any other wipes out there, including sensitive wipes. They clean great without any sting or discomfort. Won’t use anything else on my children!Greatest wipes ever, especially for sensitive skin and/or diaper rash. They’re soft, quite moist, and seem large. We discovered them while in the hospital. We loved them so much, I ordered a case before we even left the hospital so they’d be waiting for us at home when we got there.I really like these. I use them to clean all my designer handbags and shoes.I bought these wipes to try to help my baby's diaper rash. I ignored the reviewers that mentioned how dry these wipes are when I should've listened. These wipes are dry and made my baby's rash even worse. Avoid!!We've always liked water wipes. Especially because it has a rating of 1 on the EWG's skin deep consumers guide. The only thing that we don't like about the wipes is that they're not inter folded. When we refill our wipe dispenser, we can't just pull one and expect the next wipe to follow. We kind of have to dig our fingers in the dispenser & pinch it out, grabbing at times more than intended. But overall we are happy with these wipes.Great about the water-only content. However, the wipes are tiny in size and are hard to pull out and use. Each wipe is not intertwined with the next wipe, so pulling out of the bag is... quite a hassle. At the current price of 6 cents per piece they appear to be as much, and slightly more, than some competitor brands. Will have to see how the competitors' size and convenience matches up.These are amazing wipes. I am an adult female who was prescribed by her doctor to not use any scented or perfumed products any longer and he recommended these wipes for me. When I strictly use these wipes only I noticed a big difference! Sometimes I try to be cheap because they're pricey and I can feel the difference on my skin. So if you have a baby with very sensitive skin or you have very sensitive skin these definitely work! I did not believe that switching wipes could make such a big difference! :/I've used water wipes in the past and loved them but this pack was terrible. They were abnormally small, extremely thing, and were not woven together for easy dispensing. Each wipe is laid down separately so you can to pull each one apart from the stack and not just pull one up and have the other ready to go. Find a different package of water wipes to order because these one feel like cheap aftermarket faulty ones.Liked the old ones. The new ones are much thinner and dryer.My kids (1.5 and 4) have only had 1 or two diaper rashes ever bc this is all we use. Grateful they exist.had to give it away for donation because my child skin started to break down after I started using it after 2 days. Once, I stop using it my baby skin went back to normal. This wipe leave the skin too wet after used than the heat of the diaper it no a good combination.For a "crunchy" mom like me, I fully appreciate wipes that don't have any chemicals. Since we, as parents, tend to use wipes for so much more than just a bottom wipe, I feel completely comfortable using elsewhere. Sure, the packaging doesn't fit well in my wipe warmer and may need an extra one or two to clean up big poo messes, but I'd buy again and again for my LO's sensitive skin.The wipes work great and don't have a weird smell or these a residue, but they are nearly impossible to get out of the package with one hand. Now that I have a crawling baby that won't lay still, this is a deal breaker. I won't be buying them again.Absolute best baby wipes! I bought them thinking I'd just use them for the newborn phase but we've ended up making these a baby-must-have in our home. They feel great, are gentle on Baby, and leave her feeling squeaky clean and rash-free. We also use them to clean messy hands and faces too with no worries of leftover toxins.I have been using these since my baby was born. They are fantastic, do not smell like anything, and they are very wet! I have never had any mold problems like some other people have said, and I order them about once a month. Great price when buying a bigger box, and I seriously use them for everything and I love that they only have 2 ingredients!!!So happy to have an alternative to all those chemically treated wipes out there! Like any wipe, they will mold after awhile, but guess what? So do the ones with chemicals in them. I've never received a package with mold but know that if you open it and don't use it up (like any other wipe out there,) it will eventually mold. It's not a problem for us since we always use them up in a month ish.We bought this for our baby girl, and have not looked back! My daughter is now 4, so baby wipes aren't as much of a demand in our household. However, we still find ourselves buying this brand of baby wipes. It's great for when you are on the go! I highly recommend this brand to anyone out there getting ready for a newborn, or already has a little one :)My daughter has extremely sensitive skin all over her body but especially in her diaper area, where she has ongoing eczema and on-and-off contact dermatitis. We have tried many brands and every "sensitive" option with no change until our pediatric dermatologist suggested these, which have helped immensely. We haven't ever had any problems with mold in the packages. The wipes are expensive, but if your child is uncomfortable and nothing else works, they're worth it.We love Water Wipes! Our baby had very sensitive skin when she was younger, and we started using Water Wipes. All her diaper rashes went away when we started using Water Wipes. We have used them ever since (for 10 months now), and they are great for wiping off hands, faces and noses without all the extra chemicals. The wipes are very wet, so they are good for extra messy messes as well. Highly recommend.These are the only wipes I’ve been able to use with all 3 of my children that doesn’t cause them to breakout on their little bottoms. The wipes seem to be more moist as well which definitely helps get babies cleaner quickerMy newborn son had terrible diaper rash that was exacerbated by normal wipes. We had used Huggies, Honest Co and Seventh Generation wipes. He would cry terribly when we used those wipes. I switched to these and before I knew it his diaper rash was gone and he wasn't screaming when we would clean him. They are super moist and clean up even stuck on poo with ease. I find I only need one of these wipes versus two or three of the other kind. Can't recommend these enough.ever since my daughter was born, i have always always used these wipes. they are truly the best. she has never ever had any diaper rash or irritation. these are truly the best. no chemicals, just truly waterWe use these all the time for our baby. Clean, simple and do the job. The newer versions even have a sturdier plastic opening to help reseal them. The only downsides or things to know are they are a little bit more wet than usual diaper wipes so sometimes need a little bit more time to air dry after using but also makes them more useful for cleaning up large poos.These are the best and most natural wipes out there for babies. The 4 pack is usually on sale on Amazon too! In store this pack of wipes is typically $15.99, but I bought them on sale for $11.99. Talk about a great deal!Love the wipes themselves very good quality for sensitive skin. Only annoying thing is the packaging and taking out wipes. Wish it came out easier one at a time. But the wipes are greatSafe for a baby and useful for everything. I always have these on hand.Best wipes on the market. After three kids and in my estimation 26,280 diaper changes these are the champion baby wipes. My two older kids suffered the harshness of chemicals in other brand name wipes and then later endured Costco wipes. My youngest has known only Water Wipes and has NEVER got a diaper rash. I credit these wipes with that fact. Very soft, durable, and effective. Even my dog tries to steal one or two now and then, for what? I dont know. I buy the box with 9 packs to save money.Do not ever flush this type of wipe
As for the product
It is quite satisfactory. Exceeded expectationsThis wipe is moist , not full of chemical scents, cleans baby bottom very well. Not bad reaction, great for newborn skin. I love them. I will not use any other wipe on my son.These are amazing wipes for sensitive skin!! We were having an issue with baby acne (bad!). We would wipe baby's face with a regular wet wipe which made him break out. After switching to these, no more break outs and they are perfect for clean up after nursing or if he grabs something dirty or sticky and we can't wash his hands.We love these! When we brought my daughter home from the hospital she had awful diaper rash within a week. We couldn't understand because we changed her really fast. I found out it was the wipes we used. Her little tush was sensitives to the chemicals. We started keeping a bowl of water and cotton swabs at her changing table but it was messy. I found these and we switched and love them! No more rashes and you can use them in a pinch towing off hands and face.These are very good basic wipes that don't contain unnecessary chemicals. One negative issue is the tissues are not "nested", so removing a single wipe with one hand can sometimes be difficult while your other hand is busy with the baby. Overall, very pleased with these wipes.Great baby wipes, I have tried to use them as make up wipes too and these were the only ones that were soft enough for my eye area. Let's take Pampers pure wipes for example, those were very rough for my face, so I bet babies are also not as happy to feel them on their skin.its great that these wipes have no chemicals and can be used for sensitive skin however....the texture of the wipes are pretty thin and flimsy. For some reason whenever you try to pull out another wipe, it does not come out (i’ve tried putting them in a wipe dispenser and no luck either). It get really annoying when you have a poopy baby and you have to reach inside the package for another wipe. I prefer honest company wipes( theyre thicker and you can put them in a wipe warmer, the water wipes could actually mold if put in a wipe warmer because of the lack of preservatives). I bought a huge box of these, i wish I wouldve bought just one package to test them out.At first i loved these wipes. However, the wetness gave my baby diaper rash really bad!!! After switching to wipes that are less wet, he doesn’t have diaper rash anymore! So these are a no for meThis is a simple wipe. Soft and durable. I use it to clean the bathroom sink sometimes. The cloth stands up to rinsing. I can add my own cleanser either whether for personal use or house cleaning when you want to dispose of the cloth. I wish they were flushable through. This would be better for the environment.I'm in love with these wipes! I love the simple, gentle ingredients and how effectively these wipes cleanse little bottoms, hands, faces, etc. I was introduced to Water Wipes as a baby shower gift from a manager at my last job and these have been my preferred wipes since then.I really like these wipes and I want to love them ... but I don't. I love that the are made with water and essential oil...makes me feel good about using on my little ones face. However I don't love that they are a bit smaller, a bit thinner and don't easy "pop" out of my diaper warmer (they lay flat on each other oppose to being a pleated construction where the next wipe glows out one after the other) then other competitor brands.These are the only wipes we can use. Fragrance free irritate us also, but these are naturally non-irritating. They were part of the essentials i sent to my friend who is pregnant. She needs to know about them from the start. Nothing else will do.I used these when my baby was a newborn and again at 11 months when she was suffering through a really bad bout of diaper rash. I used these, then patted her dry with a cotton round. They didn't irritate her skin.I like that they work for sensitive skin but they are so thin like see through almost it makes cleaning up baby difficult I have to use more wipes per change than otherwise. The little packs leak if not completely sealed and they dry out fast.I really like that these wipes are truly unscented and I use them for multiple things because they do not leave a sticky residue l I ke some wipes I have used. However I dislike that the package only comes with a sticker to keep it closed.Unscented, soft, very wet. It's like wiping with a soaked, silk paper towel. I like that it doesnt leave bits behind like the huggies wipes but I use more of these because they are not very thick and they stick together. In the middle of changing a diaper, it is hard to pull out just 1 from the pack, it adds up.Not thivk wipes at all not wirth the price but are great gor sensitive skin. Sometimes they were too wet at the end! If thicket I would buy on a regular basisI loved these! For me the most important factor is that it’s really odorless. And I love it!
Unfortunately it’s pricey so we had to switch to regular Costco wipes which has light smell but just because it’s cheaper than this ones. I love it in every way except price.My little one had very sensitive skin and we try to restrict fragrances & parabens, shop these were an answer to prayer! They can be pricey, but they are large moist so I rarely use more than one wipe per diaper change. Buying bulk on Amazon also helps!These are great! The only negative is how they stick together so badly. You can’t easily pull out one after another, you end up getting a huge pile that you have to shove back in. Otherwise the product is good for sensitive skin.We actually love these wipes. They are truly fragrance-free (just about everything-free), and do NOT irritate or dry baby's skin. I love that we can order a bulk case of them. However, I can't make sense of how terrible the folding/dispensing is-- seems like they should dispense from the package like Kleenexes- as you pull one out, its interfold with the following wipe should pull the leading edge of the next one up. Right??? NO! I either get a big wad of 3 or 4 wipes at once, or I have to dig down into the package to find the edge of the next one. This wouldn't be a big deal if it weren't such a critical part of a time sensitive operation! Of course I pull out two before even starting a diaper change, but sometimes that takes minutes, to successfully get two and only two, and stuff all the extras back in, and by then sometimes the sodden toddler is in the next room ;) Water Wipes, I think other wipes producers have figured out the folding/dispensing technology- I'd love to see the same from you!My absolute favorite wipes ever !!!! I can't go back to pampers wipes at all. These are alot softer . They also stay wet even though opened for a bit.Wife loves them for our kid the only wipes she uses unless we run out in emergency. No complaints happy wife happy life.Can’t believe I’m just finding out about these wipes on kid number five. Wow!!! My children all have sensitive skin so we used Lansinoh breastfeeding wipes. Can’t find those anymore so a friend recommended these. Can’t say enough about them!! Not a rash, not a bump, not even skin discoloration. I’ll always buy these!Probably a lot more wipes then I would normally go through but these really do feel light. I used it on my face first to make sure that it would be ok for the baby as I have really sensitive skin. I had no issues at all and the baby seems to like these much better then the unscented or the sensitive wipes we had before. They seem to have a very light natural smell, it doesn't at all seem like a chemical, just a faint aroma.UPDATE: I read reviews stating that water wipes had changed their size and quality of wipe. I was nervous to reorder them but I did and I think they are still great. They might be slightly smaller than regular wipes but it doesn't bother me and the thickness of the wipe feels fine!

We love water wipes!!! We have always been cautious about products we put on our bodies and when we had a baby I was even more so! We are doing cloth diapers and I planned to do cloth wipes but disposable ended up being easier. There are so many chemicals in baby wipes and I kept thinking "why can't we just use water!" Ha! Well my friend told me about water wipes so I checked them out, read a ton of reviews and gave them a try. I love them. No irritated skin, no chemicals. My only complaint is that the wipes don't self pull up one after the other. This is a pain when baby is covered in poo and you are struggling to try and find the end of one wipe but you continue to get a stack of 3. For a while I was folding the wipes myself... It only took 5 min to do a pack and my husband appreciated it. I will probably continue to do this. If water wipes could change the way they fold the wipes they would be 5 stars!!!This is perfect for our baby daughter. Many of the baby wipes out there contain chemicals and fragrances, which we are not big fans of. (Do you spray perfume on your butt?)

This baby wipe is all water and we feel safe using it on her body -- even on her face. There is the general concern that it is easy for water wipes to build up mildew because there's nothing in there except water. #1 rule when using these wipes: store them in a cool area.

These are not the cheapest wipes you can buy, but sometimes you have to compromise between money spent and what's good for your kid. For us, the value is there.These are the best. I got my all my friends and family to switch. Purchasing in bulk on amazon is so much cheaper than the store. I use these with confidence on my brand new babies bottom and feel comfortable wiping his hands, nose, and face because it is the most pure wipe out there. My baby is now 9 months and he has never had a diaper rash. I attribute this to the fact that I use these chemical free wipes and organic diapers.Good amount of wetness in the wipes so I feel the need to pat my baby’s bottom dry after using them to help prevent diaper rash. When pulling out a wipe, the next one doesn’t get pulled up, which makes for some frustrating middle of the night diaper changes when you are struggling to get the next wipe from the package.Seriously buy these. We tried a few other brands, our little boy eventually got diaper rash from the other brands. We switched to wet wipes and his booty has been so much happier. Seriously worth the price!Love, love, love these wipes!! I use them for all sorts of things since they don't leave a sticky residue/feeling. Like, cleaning my 3yo (constantly, lol), cleaning toys & play table (restaurant too), floors, & I've ever used them as tissues when my daughter is ill & her nose is raw from blowing with regular tissues. They are a little pricey but overall worth it!!Love these wipes because every sheet is moist, does not irritate tender or sensitive skin, and has no fragrance which I can be allergic too. I keep a pack in each vehicle, bathrooms, garage, and barn. I can and have used these on my dogs and horses when the need arises, and it doesn’t irritate their skin either. Can’t live without these wipes now that I found them!!!!!!!!These wipes are perfect for babies with sensitive skin! They are definitely pricey, but I personally think the extra $3-4 dollars is worth it to ensure your little ones bottom is rash free. I tried the huggies and pampers sensitive wipes and my baby reacted to both. These wipes were a life saver. Yes, you could most probably just dampen a soft paper towel, but in the middle of the night or when you are on the go, these are just perfect. I don’t wipe for diapers that just have pee, but for poop diapers I use anywhere from 2-3 wipes. These wipes are super soft too!After trying a single pack of these wipes, I bought the bulk pack. I like that these wipes are chemical free. My baby is allergic to soy and most wipes contain soy, so I was happy to come across these wipes. On the negative side, I don't like that once you are half way through the pack, the wipes get extremely wet. I have to wring them out before wiping my baby. After wiping, I have to blot my baby dry with toilet paper/paper towel. If I don't dry my baby, she gets a lot of irritation due to the excess moisture.Bought these when I had my preemie baby for my first pregnancy and continue to buy these with every pregnancy. Due end of may and bought these in advance so my kids get used to them again because I just loved how sensitive they were on the skin and were fragrance free. Will def be buying more once the baby is here. Item arrived on time :)Went through a phase where my skin was extremely reactive and these took off my makeup/cleaned my face pretty well without discomfort, irritation or redness. Hypoallergenic and noncomedogenic. No fragrance... just water. This was really comforting when my face wouldn't tolerate anything else.They say it’s the best water wipes but it is not . I brought this seeing the reviews but pampers water wipe is much better than this one . Very disappointed.Bought it as a gift for my friends newborn baby and she said she loved it.I've been using these wipes on my son since he was two weeks old. Prior to using them he got a really bad diaper rash. After switching to the water wipes he hasn't had a rash or any type of irritation since. I would recommend not only purchasing them one time, but subscribing to them as well in order. To have them shipped monthly. As a new mom it takes a lot of stress off of me having things arrive here when I need them without having to give it much thought.These wipes are a lifesaver! My baby girl had a really bad rash.. It was suggested we try different wipes after going through tubes of rash cream with no success. We consistently changed her using these wipes...after just a couple of days we already noticed a difference and her rash is completely gone. Thank you Wet wipes!Love water wipes! We use these a while lot and my daughter tends to put some in her mouth and I don’t freak out because, well… it’s mostly water and a bit of grapefruit extract!As wipes, they are perfectly adequate - they are wet cloths and they are able to remove poop from my son's bum. However, I cannot recommend these because the packaging is so horrible. When you go to grab a wipe, it's impossible to find the edge of the top wipe, and they do not separate one at a time, so you either pull out a stack of 5 at a time, or you end up holding a wipe and trying to shake it free from the entire package, flinging it about the nursery as your son continues to pee or crap on you, and scream bloody murder at 2am. I've gone back to ordering the Amazon brand, which at least have a nice snap-shut plastic top and pull out one wipe at a time - like Kleenex.I love these wipes. We were using another brand and when my son would start to get a diaper rash he would cry every time I wiped his butt because of the chemicals in the wipes so I started doing some research on more natural wipes and found these. They are a little more expensive than the other ones we used but worth it to not have the tears every time I change a diaper because I am hurting my baby. Being a working mother I don't have the time to make my own baby wipes so this is the next best thing!Very handy for quick body freshen .Especially in very hot days.They have no scent.I wouldn't use them on a baby.Thank youBest wipes for babies skin! I don't use anything else at least for the first year. It's basically just cloth and water. Neither one of my kids ever experienced a diaper rash.These are very wet, not very soft, and several pull out at once. They did help with the sensitivity issues my little one was having. They also do not have a pop top just the hard plastic that sticks. The price seems a bit much for wipes that are 99.8% water and a little grapefruit extract with minimalist packaging. I wasn't sure how to rate the sent... there isn't much of one. Which is what you want when buy sensitive anything.These are amazing. My little one has very sensitive skin and these have never irritated him or anything!My son is allergic to everything. He can't wear anything but Naty diapers (on Amazon) or these wipes ...we use Baja Babies shampoo/lotion (also on Amazon) for bathing. But with these wipes I have found no mold like other reviewers or have had any trouble with them being too wet; also mentioned by other reviewers. I don't know what I would do without these bc I can't use anything else but my own reusable wipes and water/soap but that's tough when not at home. These are my saving grace for wipes!!I like that the liquid is almost purely water.

Downsides:
1) The wipes are not very soft, they seem kind of rough.
2) The wipes are not attached to each other in a way that pulls one out after the other. It's kind of inconvenient trying to get one wipe out at a time. Either you struggle to pick out a wipe or you take out a whole bunch at once.These wipes are amazing. When I learned that newborns should only be wiped down with water I checked amazon on a lark for water wipes and was happy to see these come up. 5 weeks in and no diaper rash or other problems. These wipes are thick and do the job without any harmful chemicals as they are literally water with some grapefruit extract. I use mine with a wipe warmer, so I have no problems of them drying out. And if they do - just add water. These are one of the few baby items that are worth the cost.I have been very happy with these wipes. No chemicals is the main reason I bought them and that they're not made in China. I would recommended new packaging, I feel a different opener (just a sticker now) could be improved. The wipes are thick, clean well. I have not had any mold issues. I do make sure to press out the air and close each time. Towards the end of the package the sticker to close the package does not work as well though.These are not Water Wipes. The wipes are smaller, rougher (true Water Wipes do not have any texture) and a looot drier. I won’t be purchasing from these Amazon again - so disappointing because they’re expensive and truly the best when they’re ya know, real Water Wipes. Now I just have 10 packs of super expensive extremely average wipes to go through. Thanks, seller! :/Love love love these water wipes. When we are out and about I use them to wipe my son clean after he gets done eating (hands and face). I never use wipes that I would use on his butt because they are full of chemicals and alcohol. So happy I found these. The package sucks because the top is just a peel sticker that eventually loses its stick so I put them in a reusable wipe container...problem solved!Ok I love these not only because they are for sensitive skin but they aren't dried out like other brands I've used are. They seem to clean better but aren't rough. I just wish they weren't so pricey in comparison.I use these wipes on my daughter when she has a wet diaper and then use Pampers Sensitive for her more "solid" diapers, as I feel they clean more thoroughly. These wipes are great for wiping down hands and faces as well. I haven't had the drying out problem that others have mentioned, but I also don't keep these in her wipe warmer. My biggest complaint is that they are individually folded, so if you have them in a wipe warmer/dispenser, you have to open the warmer to pull out the next wipe since they're not inter-folded, which defeats the purpose of using them in a wipe warmer since the warming happens in the top of the dispenser. Overall good product if you don't plan on putting them in a warmer, however they are a little too pricey for what they are.I was super happy to finally find wipes that don't have a long list of added ingredients. Just simple water and grapefruit seed extract and work beautifully! My only complaint is that they don't pull up each other like a normal pack of wipes that can be pulled through the dispenser like you would tissues. Instead I have to peal them up one (or several) at a time.I like that these don't have as many chemicals as typical baby wipes. They're not super thin and are very soft. The biggest cons would be that the resealable packaging amounts to just putting tape over the hole each time, which is not very effective and inconvenient. Also the wipes tend to stick together so if you aren't careful you'll be pulling out 2-3 at a time, which can quickly use up a pack. I will repurchase, as the pro's out weigh the cons in my opinion, but I may invest in a wipes boxes for storage rather than using the resealable package.I love having these around. I keep a package at the kitchen table as well as a package in my diaper bag. These are great for dirty hands on the go as well as a quick clean up after a messy meal.You need to try what you're wiping your baby with on yourself. Most other wipes are irritating.These are a NO for me and my sensitive skin baby. After about a month using them (on 2 different occasions) they left him with a rash and itchy. Try Bets & Emy Brand! B&E cleared up my sons rash and hasn’t given us any problems in the 4 or so months we’ve been using them.We have tried multiple "all natural" wipes on our baby and this one is by far one the better ones. Although, it has occasionally left the baby's skin a irritated during frequent use, it has never caused a bum rash.

Big plus for the few ingredients. And decent price.

My only complaint is the thickness of the wipes. They are so thin that, at times it's hard to only grab a single sheet out of the packet. you end up with 5 or 6 and then having to try to stuff them back into the package.My baby has extremely sensitive skin. It's been quite an odyssey experimenting with different diapers and wipes to find a combination that doesn't cause diaper rash. Other so-called "sensitive" wipes are full of perfumes and unpronouncable ingredients. These are just water and grapeseed oil. I have ordered 3 or 4 cases so far and have never had a problem with mold like some other reviewers. I put these into my Oxo wipe dispenser on the changing table and it works great.Loved these other than they don’t come out one after another. You have to dig for a new one each time. You’d think for the price this would be there. So big bummer. But other than that these are great and will Probably continue to buy unless I find a same price, Less issues wipe. 🙂Love these for wiping my dry, computer-weary eyes when working. No irritating anything.
Also good for a facial cleansing if you don’t wear makeup and don’t want to use cleansing products .You'd think for being just water, these wipes wouldn't work as well as the ones that are full of chemicals. But they actually work better. I use on average one less wipe than I would with the ones I previously bought, and often with a dirty diaper I can just use one. They don't seem to bother my baby's skin and I like that I feel comfortable using them on his face, too.

My only complaint is that they are really difficult to pull from the package one at a time.These are the best wipes we have found (and we’ve tried them all). My kids have never had a rash or irritation since using these. I also use them for myself as makeup remover wipes! We all have fairly sensitive skin and I love that these wipes are durable yet gentle. While I could probably get other wipes cheaper, I won’t switch. They are quality and worth it!Water wipes are fantastic! They are extra saturated with moisture, making big messes easy to clean up and they don't dry up. They are incredibly soft too. There is no scent - which is a good thing! Plus, there's a lot in the packet.I like this product but wish it didn't clump as much. Also, change the "open/close" top to a something that will actually close. However, don't want to see the price rise either based on the cost of production. The wipes are fully "wet" so even if the tape looses it's tackiness, the wipes do not dry out unless one is sticking out of the opening.We tried some other "sensitive" wipes but they were scented and our son broke out on his skin. These wipes have been great for him. No breakouts from these.I love this wipes!!!!!! I’m an exclusive pumper and use these only to wipe my breasts before pumping to keep things clean and tiny, as I pump for NICU babies. The wipes are super soft and literally just water and tiny bit of grapefruit seed extract. So it’s really really safe for little babies too! I love them them!!! The price point is on the higher end but it’s worth it.I've been using water wipes for my son for more than 2 years now! He is very sensitive and even some well known brands that claims to be free of chemicals makes him have rashes! So water wipes is a lifesaver!These wipes suck. They have no texture so it takes 100 of them for a very soiled diaper change. Very wet but aside from that I don’t like them at all. Prefer a wipe that actually wipes instead of smears.I keep a pack in each bathroom and always have some in the closet. These are natural, work great and don’t irritate my skin. The 4 pack was really convenient and a great price.Best wipes ever. We buy them for our dogs to wipe them down after going for a walk or after they come in from the garden. It keeps them clean and they react well to it. A lot of times, using perfumed wipes or even other baby wipes, they get some skin reaction so using these water wipes really helped. Makes me wonder what some of these wipes do to babies if our dogs already react badly. Anyway, they don't smell as they are without any fragrance. Can highly recommend.Willl only use these. Anything scented gives my baby a rash. Water wipes are the way to go.I've been buying these for two years... First as a baby and now as a toddler who likes an after poop cleanup :). I love these! Never any irritation!Worst wipe have ever used. No structure slips and slides more likely to get poop on you then to get it off of the baby. Too floppy too wet sloopy mess that cleans nothing. Causes you to over wipe wasting wipes and irritating skinThe description and the actual product are not the same. This product DOES contain chemicals. I feel that they are falsely advertised. My daughter had a horrible reaction from these wipes. Normally Water Wipes are fine on her sensitive skin, but these are not the same as the Water Wipes I buy in the store.This was recommended by a doctor, for my daughter, why has highly sensitive skin and inspiring to diaper rashes. These wipes are the best I’ve used so far (and by far!). It’s 99% water and a bit of grapeseed oil, if I’m not wrong. It doesn’t have any smell, it’s super moist and won’t irritate her skin at ALL. I take it everywhere with me! Highly recommend it, specially for babies.These are me favorite wipes. I'm a NICU RN and this is what we use at work because it's very gentle on the sensitive premature skin. So when I had a baby this was my first choice to use at home.My oldest daughter has allergy issues with almost every brand of wipes out there. I was buying Honest wipes for a long time because, after a LOT of trial and error, they were the best I had found. I just cringed at the price every time I bought them. Then I happened to see these at Target and bought a small package to try. When she didn't break out or turn red after using them, I came here and bought the biggest case they have. They are the best wipes I've found for the price and I can't say enough good things!!You can not go wrong with these wipes. I have been ordering these wipes off of amazon for almost a year now and they have always come perfectly packaged. Never have had a dry wipe. I have had to use these since I found out my son cannot use any other wipe because he will form a horrible rash. Perfect product!Very wet. No sent. Good durable wipe. Does not tear apart or break down. The wipes do not pop up one after the other they come out individual. Cleans my newborns poops well. He’s only breast feed rn so poops are not atrociousI use these for everything! I love them!! I got these for my foster kittens to help spot clean them when they are little balls of mess. Well I love them they have nothing in them to bother there skin. I keep a pack with me everywhere I go. Great for cleaning up quick spills in the car and house great for a quick handy wipe. I love that its almost all water so it's great for senstive skin.I love that there are only 2 ingredients in these. BUT I discovered that they are not continuous feed which means they don’t work in the wipes Warmer! I’m not sure why anyone would make non continuous feed wipes, because it’s a pain in the butt to use these now. I have 4 packages so they’ll get used, but it makes middle of the night diaper changes even more difficult.Have tried many different types of wipes and this product comes out on top every time.
Worth the extra $$. Thick, soft, no scent.
I only wish they were a little easier to get out of the package 1 at a time. They tend to clump and come out as a bunch.
I will continue to buy!It worked great for my baby very sensitive skin.
At the end of EVERY package I found BLACK STUFF that made me stop using it.
Great product, but the BLACK in the package grossed me and I’m not sure if it’s harmful for my new born.It doesn’t really matter BUT these are not easy to pull apart. You have to spend some time unfolding each wipe. That being said, these are lovely. I can use them on every inch of my baby without having to worry about irritating his skin, I can’t say that about other wipes!I use these wipes for personal hygiene - not on babies since I am past that age. I had used Sam's Club Simply Right wipes for a year, and they were recalled in June 2014 due to bacteria in them. I had several urinary tract infections last winter while using the Simply Right Wipes but did not realize that was the problem. I had never had UTI's before in my entire life. I have used Water Wipes now for 6 months and have had NO recurrence or urinary tract infections. I love these wipes and highly recommend them for any age!I just love this wipe so much because it does not have the classic baby wipe smell. I worked at preschools and changed numbers of diapers everyday. I got so sick of the smell of classic baby wipes. I was very happy to find this wipe in the US. My son has very sensative skin and I can only use this wipe. Because there is no scent, I can use on his hands and face as well. I don't even mind using on myself.These are the only wipes I’ve been using on my newborn baby. I don’t want to deal with harsh chemicals especially when it comes to my newborn and these are the perfect match for my needs.

I’ve already gone through a couple of packages of the wipes and yes, they are a bit pricier than your standard wipes, but when it comes to your newborn baby, do you really want to compromise quality?Wipes are small but work VERY well and don't bother our sensitive skinSo far so good. My baby girl is almost 3 weeks old and these wipes do the job pretty well. They don’t irritate her sensitive skin, they have no smell whatsoever and they clean the poo and pee out efficiently. Hopefully with time they won’t start irritate my baby’s skin.Great wipes! After Huggies and pampers sensitive wipes caused bleeding boaters on my baby’s bottom, I switched to water wipes and now his little bottom is back to normal. These wipes are great just wish they weren’t so expensive!Will never buy a different brand. These are so gentle and yes they are small wipes, but the clean better than any wipes. I normally used 2-3 wipes for poopy diapers, now I used 1-2, even though they are smaller. Think of them as literally washing your babies but with purified water! Wish these wipes were cheaper, but I don't regret buying them. They are the BEST wipes.Wipes are not bad ...but double the price just because of the situation we are going through (COVI-19) is immoral and it should be illegalI bought these to clean under my babies neck as she has very sensitive and eczema skin. I personally don't like them for cleaning dirty diapers, but they're great for quick wipe downs and using under her neck, where she breaks out even from unscented regular wipes.These wipes are great for sensitive skin. I did find that the texture of the wipes can sometimes make it tough to clean a little ones bottom. There was no scent to them which is perfect for a child who is sensitive to scented wipes.These wipes gave my newborn a rash! How ironic. He has sensitive skin so I thought these would be a better product that pampers sensitive skin but boy, was I wrong. Once I stopped using them the rash started going down.The wipes are good size BUT they are VERY wet and COLD to use even in a room at 72 degrees. I am an adult using them and can't emagine using these cold things on a baby although you might like the wetness for a baby.The only wipes we can use for her. Personally I don’t see how there’s any competition in against the product.

I look for cheaper options and to this day this the only brand that has 2 ingredients and has no ingredient of any indistinguishable names or that has a record number of x’s & y’s in the name.These are by far the best baby wipe on the market. Yes, they are more expensive than the "big brands" but they are literally water wipes with a small amount of fruit extract. These are the only wipes we use because they are great for sensitive skin and our boys have had eczema.Before my baby was born my friend suggested I look into Water Wipes since they are free from irritating chemicals/perfumes that other brands contain. I had already purchased wipes from The Honest Company (we use their diapers as well as cloth) but decided to purchase these as well to check them out. We used the Honest wipes first and my baby would occasionally develop diaper rash, which we treated with a great, incredibly effective natural product, but then we started using the Water Wipes and her rash wouldn't return as long as we were using the Water Wipes. Then we'd switch back to the other wipes (experimenting!) and her rash would begin to reappear, and we'd continue this cycle. We finally finished with the jumbo pack of wipes from the other brand and now exclusively use Water Wipes, and haven't had ANY diaper rash since then.

While I really like these wipes, I do wish there were a few differences/updates:

1) Why don't the wipes interlock?? It is so incredibly annoying to have to keep digging down into our wipe warmer for EVERY SINGLE WIPE since the next one doesn't pull up with the last.
2) I'd love to have a scented option that is scented with a natural essential oil (lavender, for example, would be lovely). Cleaning with just water doesn't necessarily leave things smelling super clean and makes me feel the need to bathe my baby even more often than you should with an infant.
3) The wipes are super soft and smooth, and there is no texture in them. On one hand this is nice I guess, but on the other hand it would be nice to have a little bit of texture to assist in picking up poopy diaper mess.

Overall I'll definitely continue to buy these wipes over the other brands that I've tried along the way, but I do wish they would address those three things!These wipes were not staggered together. Meaning everytime you pull one, the next one that should have followed is not there. You have to fight to pick one at a time. So useless and frustrating. Never again.Two of my babies had very sensitive skin as newborns and would get rashes with most wipes. I mostly used cloth wipes or gauze with water, but for diaper changes on the go, water wipes did the trick. However, they are my least favorite wipes in every other way. They are tiny, super slippery, it’s almost impossible to take out one at a time with one hand, and the package closure is a joke. I have yet to through a diaper change with these where I didn’t end up with my hand covered in poop because of how inadequate they are!I’m a big fan of these wipes but I just got a box of them and they all seem to have a windex sent which is not normal. Did I get a bad box? Did something change?But can be thicker and have a pampas. You end up using a lot with one change
The fact is has no addictive is wonderfulI started out just using generic baby wipes, and my baby started getting diaper rash from them. Then I switch to these water wipes and we haven't had any issues since then. 100% would recommend!Five stars because of the excellent quality of these wipes. They’re made of basically water and are sturdy enough for a baby diaper blowout. I don’t have to worry about the crap other wipes have in them when I use these.It says fruit extract as the ingredients but does not specify what kind of fruit. The fruit is grapefruit in the tiny print and my daughter is allergic to citrus.My newborn has sensitive skin and regular wipes we’re giving him a rash. These helped clear his rash and we have been using ever since and no problems since. Also, my toddler likes to take them to “clean” which is fine by me because they won’t leave any marks on the walls or furniture.I really like that these wipes are mostly water. They are best for babies' skin. With my first I didn't know about these wipes. When my first had a rash I had to use cloths in warm water so it wouldn't sting. With these wipes I don't have an issue. My son got a rash and the wipes did not irritate or burn his bum. I also like that they come in convenient small packages that can be thrown in the diaper bag.We use these and strictly these wipes. They are in my opinion the only option. And because I've got two kids, one a baby, we go through alot of wipes. The kids love em. We love the packaging and the quality. I recommend these wipes for anyone curious. They are the best natural wipes out there.I use these wipes to dust my house and they are perfect for this use. I would definitely use them for a newborn baby as the texture is super soft and no harsh chemicals. They will not irritate the skin.I’m the grandparent so I don’t use them much myself. My son and my daughter both love these wipes for their babies. No breaking out or anything. Really nice wipes.We've been through about 6000 wipes now (that's 8 boxes) and the only time we encountered mold was on an open package of wipes we left in a hot car for a week.

This product is the best thing we've found for our baby's skin, which is somewhat sensitive compared to other babies, but certainly not the most sensitive skin.

5 stars because we will keep buying this so long as it stays the same. Definitely don't want them to change it because of weird mold concerns that I've never had.I spent alot ofoney on these wipes because all of the regular baby wipes I normally used we're sold out. To my surprise these wipes were worth every penny. They are SO gentle and I can use less wipes than I normally would. Very satisfiedPerfect for my daughter who has very sensitive skin. I was using pampers sensitives it caused her a diaper rash. My pediatrician told me to use those dry wipes and put water on them. It was very inconvenient to have to run to a sink to wet them so I purchased these wet wipes. I just wish the packaging was better. I end up pulling out 3-4 extra wipes and having to stuff them back in.Best wipes ever!!!
Baby’s bum will thank you for getting these! Yes the packaging is annoying at times, but you will save on time and money because of how much less diaper cream you will need when using these. So many kiddos that I know that have used these have little to no diaper rash ever.Love these wipes, my son is 15 months old has never had any break outs or diaper rash and safe to use on hands and face while you are traveling or out of the house. No scent and cleans great, no worries of it drying out either.... if the package wont seal good or is ripped they stay moist.I have scoured the internet and stores for wipes that are effective and have the fewest ingredients. These are the best I have found. I feel good using them on my baby. They do not break her skin out.I wouldn’t buy again these seem to be the knock off. They do the job so I can’t give it a one star but it not like the original.Arrived pretty fast. Extremely wet and well packaged. i did check tge expiration date since I saw a lot of ppl complaining about getting expired/moldy wipes. Expiration date is good and we haven't opened any moldy bags yetPerfect for my son with sensitive skin. I feel comfortable using them on him. Not afraid of a thousand toxins rubbing against his skin.1st thing is how us 99.9% water costing more than other brands? Wipes are nice very wet has thus weird slide tho gets stuck alot not sure why or if its that .01% fruit extract but I do think way over priced for water.This are the only baby wipes we use lots off water and baby don’t break out from it if u haven’t tried this product please do u will never use any other kind after thatUse to wipe myself (adult person with some old age problems). Cheaper and larger than Cetaphil. No possible burning, since only water. Cleans perfectly well! opens and closes more easily. I do not flush
such items since plumbing in my house is old and delicate.

I prefer the absence of scent.I’ve been buying this product for years. My youngest was very sensitive to everything. These wipes are the only thing I recommend to anyone.I really want to love these wipes. Really like that it doesn't have unnecessary ingredients and how it doesn't irritate my baby's skin.
BUT, I hate how the wipes aren't easy to pull. They're not connected so each time you have to find the flap and every time the flap is in a new spot. So annoying and frustrating when you have a crying/screaming baby that could pee/poop on you at any moment.These wipes are terrible. We have used them in the past, but something has changed. Now, they severely irritated my son's skin and left him with redness and a rash. I will never use these again not will I recommend them.I use these wonderful, chemical-free water wipes to clean my little dog’s paws, face, and hair, after going for walks. With all of the chemicals, and other unknown substances that can be picked up while walking her In the neighborhood, I think it’s a great idea to just quickly wipe her down afterward. And these wipes are perfect for this purpose!I've been using WaterWipes for my baby since she was born. I like how the product is mostly water so I don't have to worry about chemicals or other scents that may irritate my baby. The wipes work very well, even when my baby has poop explosions (though I had to use a lot of wipes in those situations). At my daycare, I've noticed that many other parents also use WaterWipes so the product seems popular beyond my use. I plan on using WaterWipes until my baby no longer needs diapers.These are almost perfect. They stay very wet, are pretty much just water, and don't irritate my kid. They don't smell like anything and are seriously so wet.

The only downside is that they don't come apart easily. When you grab one wipe, you end up with 3 because they're all wet and stuck together. I don't mind it but I have to constantly hear about it from my husband which makes this a not quite perfect product for me.

Protips: keep the packs upside down, use your fingernails to grab a wipe at the middle fold so you only grab one.Used to really like these the most, and they’ve served a purpose. But noticed they were a bit too wet for our babies bottom and after a while became a nuisance to have to air dry her or dry her bum all the time. Did like how I felt comfortable using them for hands and her face. Still use them for that now actually, but not to clean her after a dirty diaper.I’m not sure if these are legitimate original water wipes ..: they are rough in texture compared to the same brand I bought multiple times in the past…Water wipes are great! My newborn had a rash and my previous wipes were further irritating. Once I switched to water wipes, was a much better experience and my baby feeling nearly as much pain. Also, the rash cleared up :)I tried these wipes based on a recommendation from a while back and never got around to it. I finally remembered these wipes and ordered a 4 pack and I absolutely hate them. They are very wet and the material is so thin that you can't get a good "wipe" on your child's bottom. They're slick and the wipe slips too much. I've always used Honest Company wipes in the past and I can't believe I would think that there was a better wipe. There apparently is not. Stick with Honest Company wipes for super thick and perfectly moist but not too wet wipes. DO NOT BUY these WaterWipes.My son started breaking out from the wipes that we were previously using and got a horrible diaper rash from a medication. These were such a lifesaver! He didn't scream when I would change him from the wipes burning his already irritated skin. Since then we haven't looked back and are full time Water Wipes users! We love them!Best product I have used. My kids are 23 month and a 2 month old. They barely got any diaper rashes or reactions thanks to these wipes. I now use these for anything from diaper changes to spit up clean ups, spills, wiping down cabinets, etc.The ingredients are water and grape seed oil that’s why I found it as it has no chemicals. But the wipes are not soft at all and look very hard on baby’s skin. Not going to buy againThey work nicely and yes they are not chemical free but the trace amount of chloride is to prevent moldy wipes. If you compare this wipes to regular baby wipes these water wipes have a ton fewer chemicals and ingredients that's a plus! I'm only on my first pack so I hope I do not find any moldy wipes.I am SO DISAPPOINTED! Lots of people rave about Eater Wipes, so my expectations were high. They are super thin & much smaller than other wipes. I have to fold it in half or use 2 in order to have a decent barrier between my hands & poop. They are also not very soft, so a little one with a sensitive bum cries in protest. I will not ever order these again. I've been shocked by how small & thin they are!Love these water wipes, just wish the size was a tad largerHands down the best wipes out there. My son has food allergies and as an infant would literally bleed from diaper rashes getting so bad. Did some research and learned that most wipes have an ingredient that many kids are developing an allergy to. Switched to these, worked with the dr to clear up the rash, and never looked back. We get a case delivered every 3 months. I love them for everything from diaper changes to wiping a runny nose to cleaning sticky hands.All our wipes were completely dried out and unusable. Not sure how long they have them sitting in warehouses.These are hands down the best wipes out there. We have 2 kids and have been buying these religiously since we discovered this brand. They’re 99% water and 1% grapefruit seed extract. It’s nice to find wipes that don’t contain a bunch of chemicals or ingredients. Our son has very sensitive skin and reacted badly to pampers and huggies wipes. But we have had zero issues with these! We even use them on their hands and face they’re so gentle. I highly recommend these to every parent. I believe these are the best wipes on the market!By far my favorite wipes. I used to use both this and Pampers sensitive the kind of cut down cost, but I think Pampers changed their formula and now that also creates a rash for my baby. So I just stick to these full-time. They work great.These are my go to wipes for my daughter since birth. They don’t smell and don’t have harsh chemicals. They also stay very moist even after opening the package. I recommend them to all my friends with kids.We love these wipes. They are watery/moist enough to really clean up baby poops without rubbing too hard at baby's soft skin, therefor, no rashes!! Plus the ingredient list is so minimal compared to all those other brands packed with unnecessary ingredient. Definitely my favorite wipes and I have used them all!I know there are a lot of reviews complaining how the next wipe does not pop up. Solution to that is when there is a poopy diaper just pull out 4 or 5 wipes ahead of time and lay on top of the wipes so they are easy to grab and clean up! Not a huge deal!My son's bottom has broken out since he was born with even sensitive wipes. We started using the Honest Company brand but they are expensive and were out of stock for awhile due to a mold problem. These wipes are so good. I feel like my baby's bottom is getting cleaned well without harsh chemicals and he doesn't break out from these. And I you sign up for a subscription they are even cheaper.Soft wipe without a heavy scents for a refreshing clean feeling. Love the fact that they stay moist thru the entire package. Recloseable package stays secure for pack and go convenience.I've been using these for a couple of years now with the subscribe and save discount they are a very good value. I use them for my babies and for my leather couch and for myself at times.I love these! Next best thing to washing the butt with water. The wipes are really wet, which helps wiping babies butt. No scent or added ingredients. Good for sensitive skin. I have this product on subscribe and save to get the extra discount.1- it has an asterisk next to the 99% water claim - turns out it also includes chlorine! For this reason alone I will never order again.
2- they don't come out easily / one at a time.
3- They are too flimsy and too wet in my opinion.These are perfect for sensitive skin and do not leave behind a sticky residue. I would recommend for all little onesThe product I got this time is different from the one I usually get (fake???) and I just bought a 12 packs box!!!: the packaging is different, they are NOT fragrance free and they are a lot more wet than the original ones. soaking wet, which makes it very inconvenient to use. Worst of all, I think my 5 months old is having a skin reaction to these wipes.I will never go back to wipes of other brands! They are perfect and hold a very Whittaker’s smell. They come in cute little packages and hold water very well. I feel like one or two does the job without peeling or shedding. They are durable and wonderfully made to protect babies.Product seems fine, good price. Only knocked a star because there was water damage and discoloration to the box and the box smelled unpleasantly musty. The corner disintegrated when I opened it so hopefully the cloud of whatever plumed up as I opened the box to see if the wipes were damaged wasn’t hazardous. Wasn’t from the wipes leaking at least.Not a fan of these wipes. The material is too malleable and they stick to the skin so when you use it the wipe doesn't stay flat, it crumbles into a ball. It's like trying to clean with a wet tissue. The material is also very finely woven so they don't 'pick up' easily leaving too much of whatever behind. I'll go back to Seventh Generation.The wipes I receive seem to be inconsistent. First two boxes were the normal “chemical free” wipes with the baby photo on the packages. The third box I received was different, and the packages were light blue with no baby photo on it, and it didn’t say “chemical free” on it. As other reviewers have recently mentioned, there’s an added ingredient - Benzalkonium Chloride. 0.002% and that’s probably why they took off the “chemical free” claim. This should be updated on the description and ingredient list on the amazon page at least if they’re going to start sending these ones out. The last box I received, was the one that said “chemical free” on it. So I’m not sure how we’re supposed to tell which type of water wipes we’re getting? The new ingredient can be a skin irritant. I prefer the original water wipes of course...

Regardless, both types work fine for my baby and she’s had no reaction. Her skin is also fine with Huggies natural wipes which is the only other wipe I’ve tried on her. But I’ve liked and used mainly water wipes from the beginning since they were chemical free.

They are small, expensive, sometimes way too wet. And don’t dispense well. But the pros outweigh the cons especially if you want wipes with the least amount of ingredients and chemicals.We love that these don't have chemicals or additives. Recommended.These wipes do not break my skin out and doesn't burn, that's a plus for me.I purchased these from amazon and from Target as well and compared to the one from target. The Amazon ones are not that wet and seem to be dry as compare to the Target ones. I’m disappointed. I opened 2-3 packs just to see if it wasn’t just one but it was mostly all of them. Also all the target ones were fully moist.I've been wanting to try these as I heard great things but I was disappointed. The wipes are difficult to pull out as they are not interlaced with each other. I didn't think this would be a big deal but as I worked through the packages it became more annoying and made diaper changes of a squirmy baby and toddler that much more difficult.... especially with those big poopy diapers where you need to use a lot! The wipes also are not textured at all which made them not pick up as well and actually made me use more wipes. They were slippery really. Will not buy these again but would recommend them if you have a newborn or babe with very very sensitive skin and you aren't able to just have homemade wipes cloth or paper towels on hand.I’ve been using only water wipes ever since my son was born. Excellent quality wipes but I could never love the weak packaging(opening and all) Today I pulled a new pack out of the box and found the bottom was popped open as shown in picture. I would have to throw this away because I have no idea how long it was this way and how much germ it was exposed to.This wipe la are delicate, free of parfumerie, and really wet! The most important thing is They work very good!!!These are great wipes, especially because they're so saturated and gentle for sensitive skin. Honestly, I'd buy these all the time is they were slightly cheaper (they are pretty much just water....) and if the seal stayed shut. I tried keeping these in my diaper bag on several different occasions, and inevitably, the seal just stays open and they dry out.These are great for my baby's sensitive skin. They're not great for dirty diapers because they're not quilted, and they're very thin. I use Seventh Generation for dirty diapers. Also, they're not packaged so that one wipe "grabs" the next. They're pretty hard to get out of the package. So honestly, five stars for the gentleness factor. One star for not being quilted, for being so thin, and for being so hard to get out of the package, especially with a wiggly baby and only having one hand!These wipes are sturdy, free of chemicals that can cause diaper rash, and are gentle on a baby's bum. I've not used any other wipes on my daughter and have had no reason to switch. It is a big relief that these are made with water and a little fruit extract (as a preservative) rather than something potentially more harsh. As they lack other chemicals, they can "go bad", but I've only had one pack grow mold, and only because I left it in a hot car for too long. We now open one pack at a time and use it until it is gone . . . problem solved.I am very conscious about all the chemicals put in most of the baby wipes. Our skin is our biggest organ and absorbs anything you apply to it. The only thing in this is filtered water and grape seed extract, which is non-toxic and kills bacterias. It is easy on the skin without reacting to it. Do yourself and your child a favor and go clean!!! If your baby gets diaper rash, it could be from all the chemicals.We have used these wipes for nearly 10 years and have always loved them. Lately, though, the packages have started growing mold shortly after being opened. I don’t understand what has happened but I don’t like it and will be looking for a new brand of wipes.Definitely a game changer for us. Days after my son was born he had a bad butt rash/burn. Pediatrician said it was from the wipes. Told us to clean him with water instead. That is obviously not always convenient. I spotted these and bought them since they say 99% water. I have been using them for the past four months and my son has not had any diaper burns since then. I would recommend these wipes to all parent especially new born and their delicate skin.Perfect product .. very moist so one wipe is enough to get the job done ..

I even use it to wipe my dogs pawsI regret buying these. They have too much water, are difficult to pull out of the package because they stick to each other like wet glue, and are impossible to hold well while wiping. However, these wipes are exactly what the box says they are so I gave two stars instead of one.Good quality product...would keep ordering if it wasn't for one thing...why oh why can't these be made to work with a dispenser??? In the very least if you refuse to make these in a way that works with dispensers make the tops with the lids as opposed to stickers....Seriously this is the only reason I stopped buying theseI love these wipes!!!
We are adults and use them.
Not flushable but they are for sensitive skin.
No scent.
I gift them to all the new mommies I know!These wipes are perfect for all needs, baby to adult, great for camping and are perfect for camping!Great unscented simple wipes. Only down side is they stick together because they are flat instead of weaved like many other brands. It makes for a difficult situation when cleaning up emergency accidents.Love these wipes! My lo has super sensitive skin & other wipes gave him rashes. These have kept him clean & rash free! I also feel comfortable wiping his face & hands with them, as GSE is edible. The only annoying bit is that they don't smoothly pull away from each other. I always pull out a small ready to use pile in my wipes container, so I don't have to struggle separating them during a diaper change!Started using these with baby #2 because of the chemical free factor. My favorite are still seventh generation (wipes- not diapers) because they work much better, though I will continue using the water wipes on the baby until I run out. The problem is that they almost skid on the skin, and they don't hold newborn poo well. I mean, we're trying to wipe poo off of skin, and you kinda have to pick it off/pinch it off with the wipe. Not my favorite, but I can deal.I was very sceptical seeing all the reviews whether i would receive the real water wipes. But i cross checked the product number and everything, its the same :)

Also i wanted the cleanest of products for my baby with free of any harsh chemicals and this is working for her very well.

Only problem is taking a wipe out.I wanted to love these wipes, and the wipes themselves are great but getting them out of the package, even with our wipe dispenser, especially as it got towards the bottom was very annoying. Sometimes you’d pull out a big pile of wipes vs one at a time.I have been using these since my little one was an infant. She has very sensitive skin and these work wonders on her. I won’t buy anything else. We’ve never had an issue with diaper rashes.I like these wiped because they don't have anything in them. Their just wet wipes.The only wipes we use. I tried some different three “natural” versions early on and she got a diaper rash baince switching to these she hasn’t had a rash in months. Also great to have around for quick cleanups. Our only complaint was how hard it was to get wipes out of the container without sticking, but a weighted wipes dispenser solved that problem.I love these! I use them to wipe my baby's neck creases to get out at that stinky baby cheese. Whenever my boy gets a little irritated skin on his face, I wipe him down and 15 minutes later his skin it clear. They also are wonderful to get stubborn poo regular baby wipes won't wipe up. They seem to glid over his skin without rubbing at all!These wipes are so thin cannot use just one. I thought since I paid so much they would have some substance to them. A little disappointed.These wipes are a great idea in theory. In reality, they are terrible and I have switched back to Huggies Natural. These wipes are very thin and flimsy, and small so you have to use a lot of wipes to get the job done. And they annoyingly come out of the package in a big wet clump, instead of one wipe at a time. These are better for wiping sticky hands or faces, but terrible for cleaning baby's bottom!

I'm truly baffled these wipes get so many 5 star reviews!!!These wipes keep my baby from getting a rash. When she was born she often got one and it was difficult to heal. I’ve been using these for months and they have kept her bottom safe from irritation. They are water based with a hint of fruit extract awesome compared to any other wipe.THESE WIPES ARE TOO SMALL. THEY DON'T WIPE SMOOTHLY ACROSS THE SKIN TO CLEAN THE SKIN, THEY SKIP ACROSS THE SKIN AND THE WIPE ITSELF BUCKLES AND FOLDS UP INSTEAD OF WIPING OR CLEANING OFF THE SURFACE THEY ACTUALLY MAKE A BIGGER MESS. USELESS, I TOSSED THEM.My choice of wipes when it comes to my son. Very versatile. Can wipe his butt, to his face, his neck (he drools a lot ) and his hands and doesn’t have a funky after smell. Doesn’t break out his skin at all. And lasts us a month or two before having to buy another bulk. I even use this as a makeup remover for my face and doesn’t break out my sensitive skin.Much better for her than traditional wipes. Knock on wood no irritation yet. One gripe is the wipes don’t come out easily. You know how if you pull one tissue out the next one will partially come out too? This rarely happens with these. Kind of a pain when you need several in an urgent pinch.I have tried like 10 different brands of wipes and these are the best, no scent, super soft, and very moist almost wet to where you feel like your actually washing stuff off not just not wiping back and forthI've seen other reviews stating these water wipes are fake. They are not. They are identical to the wipes I just bought in the store. I will be going back to my subscription.By far the best wipes on the market. If you are crunchy at all, read the ingredients on packages of wipes, even the ones that claim to be more natural. This is the only wipe with as limited of ingredients! Highly recommend!Needed for my niece did not have a reaction no scent good alternativeThese are our favorite wipes. We wont use any other brand. They are free of toxins, which is our number one reason for using them, but they also work well. They are well saturated and thick. They dont rip or pull apart when in use. They wipe up messes well. These are a must have in any household with children in diapers!I love the wipes themselves, but the way they are packaged is such a pain that I will not buy them again. The wipes are great - they do a good job of cleaning up baby and don't have a scent. However, they are packaged such that you can only grab one at a time. They should be overlaid in an accordion style so that when you grab one, the next one peeks up out of the opening. Because they don't, you have to reach into the package for every individual wipe. It's a huge pain in the ass, especially when your hand is covered in poop or when you need to be quick.First time mom here. Hypoallergenic wipes gave my 2 week old baby a diaper rash. Purchased these and it went away immediately. Definitely recommend for sensitive skin. Will purchase again.Love! So gentle and I love knowing that there are no crazy ingredients. My baby loves to play with clean wipes, and I have no worries about her flinging these around getting simply water everywhere. The best part is they work!!Been using this brand of wipes for the last few years and no going back to toilet paperSo far the best wipes out there since it is basically water. If you look at the other wipes out there they are filed with chemicals. I wanted to just use water which I actually do at home. I use a cotton pad and dip it in a bowl of water but when I'm traveling I use these. The only improvement is if they could fix how these wipes come out. You need both hands to yank the wipes out they aren't easy to yank out with one hand.I was actually surprised by how much I liked these. I have used WaterWipes for 3 years now and was given the first pack by a friend in response to a passing gripe about babies with sensative bottoms. The diaper rash cleared up within a couple days and we haven't had a problem since. They don't have that clean baby smell (they don't smell like anything), but you always know that your baby is clean for real and not just perfumed. Not a review of the product itself as they were never able to be used. A bug had crawled into the packaging and ruined everything as seen upon opening.These are simply the best. I only use other types of wipes when I’m in a pinch.. the test for me is you can put these right in your mouth and they taste like nothing.. (now I’m not recommending you put them in your mouth). Other wipes have heavy smells and tastes it you go to wipe your child’s face (skin) with other wipes they leave a residue of who knows what chemicals. I love water wipes and highly recommend them.These are the best wipes money can buy. My 12 month old daughter has had sensitive skin since day one. I started out using WaterWipes but ventured out after a few months to see what other wipes had to offer. I've tried everything from Honest Wipes to cheap Huggies and Kirkland and everything in-between. The biggest issue with other wipes is the awful ingredients that cause diaper rash, the terrible textures and greasy residues. WaterWipes has solved all of these issues.

WHAT I LOVE:
•You only need 1 or 2 wipes to clean up even the messiest of diapers. For a blowout you may need 3 wipes tops. These clean better than any wipe that I have tried. These wipes do a fantastic job at cleaning, even without being textured. Texture isn't needed when using these.
•These are buttery smooth. These feel like using a piece of soft cloth.
•WaterWipes is one of two brands that don't cause diaper rash. My daughter was getting terrible diaper rash even with using a "green" wipe and as soon as I switched back to WaterWipes the issue was gone in 2 days.
•These are the purest wipes you can buy. If you also like using products free of chemicals then these are the wipes for you. I try my hardest not to put anything on my daughter that isn't organic or free of chemicals.
•These wipes are strong and do not tear! Which is not the case with most wipes.
•No scent. No greasy residue.
•These wipes are a great price. They are much more affordable in comparison to Honest Wipes (which is my other go-to).
•You can use these wipes to clean up so much more than a messy butt. These are perfect for faces, hands, highchairs and toys.

WHAT I DON'T LOVE:
•The biggest and only issue I have with these wipes is the packaging. They don't offer a package with a close-able lid. Instead your only option is the refillable style packaging with a sticky flap to seal it shut. The problem with this: it loses it's adhesive quickly. Luckily these wipes are wet enough that I have yet to have a problem with them drying out. If they offered wipes with a close-able lid, WaterWipes would officially have mastered everything wipe related.

Overall, I highly recommend WaterWipes. I will never stray from them again. If you want only the best for your baby/toddler: these are for you. PS I've been using these wipes for months and months and I have NEVER had issues with mold. Don't make up your mind about a product after reading reviews that are 2+ years old. I'm assuming WaterWipes has long since fixed this issue...plus, no matter what product you buy...defects are going to happen.We have been using these wipes for our 3 month old since birth and I absolutely love them. Dad picked up some other "natural, unscented" wipes a couple times because he thinks they are difficult to get out of the package. The others always seem to have a funny scent and aren't as moist. Definitely would recommend to anyone even if they take a bit more effort to pull apartNow that I’ve used these wipes, I can smell the strong scents in other wipes. I love these because they are so clean and primarily water. I’m confident there are no harsh ingredients for my baby’s skinThese wipes are quite a bit smaller than the Huggies that we've been getting and there is no way of opening the package and resealing it. Once it's open they all dry out. The Huggies has a plastic, flip-top opener so they stay moist. These are pretty much worthless. I definitely won't be ordering these again.I love that these wipes are 99.9% water and the other .01% is all natural ingredients. They are very gentle because of this. My infant got a diaper rash after I used scented pamper wiped do I switched back to these water wipes and his rash went away after just a few days.
These wipes are a bit pricey in my opinion so even though I love how gentle they are, I'm looking for a more cost effective option.These wipes have been a lifesaver for my son!! He has super sensitive skin and was having recurring diaper rashes. After switching diapers and creams multiple times, I decided to switch to these wipes. Now we rarely have a diaper rash. They’re expensive but I really feel like one wipe goes a long way. The material is nice and does not rip.Great wipes! Like how they are "natural". Sometimes harder to clean than some others, but great product and only buy these.These are the best wipes in the world. I am an honest company diaper/ wipe user and I love these wipes even better than those. Its so nice to just have the mild water option. My son's bum prefers these wipes. Plus the .01% of grapefruit extract acts as a natural preservative and is antimicrobial. I also love that these wipes are wet. Unlike some that are not 'wet' enough and feel almost dry and chemical-ish these are wonderful and so useful. Buy them- you'll never go back.These wipes are what I as an adult would love to use as toilet paper myself, but unfortunately, they are not worth clogged septic tank. Good strength, moist if you remember to keep the package closed, have never caused our son to have any issues and has been great for sensitive skin issues. No there is no scent, but you can drop some essential oils in the package and let soak, and walla. Overall the only wipes I would wipe my sons ass withLOVE these. I feel confident using them on my baby's most sensitive areas knowing they aren't full of chemicals. My only complaint is that the wipes don't always pull apart with ease, which can be a real problem with poop changes. I find it best to pull out several wipes and unfold them before I start to change a poopy diaper. Still use them though.We used these when my son was a newborn. I got an entire box of them and they were great. The pureness of them put my mind at ease, which is worth quite a bit to a new mom. Unfortunately, once they ran out I just couldn't justify spending this much money on wipes. As someone who has to count every penny in order to afford her stay-at-home-mom position, this was something I had to sacrifice. However, if you have the money to spare, I highly recommend these!I have been using them every since my baby was born, she's 1 now. No added ingredients. Not harsh on her skin. Great productThese are great! Work wonderful. They are think and don’t rip. Clean very amazing! Like these so much I am stay with my subscription!I have been using these wipes since my daughter was born a year ago. Occasionally I’ve tried to revert back to Pampers or use another brand a family member purchased for us and I always notice the drastic difference. I love this brand! It’s clean, fragrance free and works perfectly for everyday use... great for wiping toddlers hands and face as well!I used these for the first few months of baby’s life. Then switched to Honest Baby wipes. After the switch baby began to get diaper rashes frequently. So we switched back. Love that they are non scented as well.I've tried a lot of wipes with two under 3 and these are my favorite. The lack of chemicals and odor are excellent. I appreciate the fact that these are the moistest wipes I've used which greatly assists in wiping dirty bottoms or sticky hands. The only problems I have with them is that it's easy to grab too many wipes at once and I wish there was the option of adding a sturdy container that dispensed them one at a time, otherwise they're fantastic.We have only been using them for a week, so my review does not have a lot of history behind it, but no complaints so far. I like how they are a "moist wipe" and that each one isn't dripping when I take it out tge package. Reminder to let your child's butt and pubis area dry fully before closing up the new diaper and to change your child's diaper often to avoid diaper rash. You want to avoid it, not treat it!I'm upset!! This is good quality wipes, but they are not working with wipes warmer :(( they are folded separately from each other and when you pull out the first one wipe, the second one not pull out and stay lay on the bottom. It's annoying me. I'm disappointed, because I bought a big amount of these wipes, and hoped that my newborn baby will stop crying during the diapers change!I had high hopes for this product but unfortunately the wipes it's packaging did not meet my expectations. First of all the tab that seals the package is lame, the liquid inside leaked out and compromised the adhesive so then the wipes started to dry out. The second thing is that the wipes were cut in such way that when you try to pull one wipe a whole stack of them would come out! Third...is that for the price that they are those wipes should be larger, softer and easier to handle!These are WONDERFUL! Great size, durable & no fragrance or anything to affect baby's sensitive skin!Me gusta que son húmedos y suaves, así te facilitan limpiar a tu niño sin frotar o dañar la piel.
Lo que no me gusta es que son un poco pequeños.These are my favorite. Because of the fact that it is mostly water and no chemicals, fragrances, or anything to irratate my babies skin. Only thing is.... I wish they were thicker. They are so thin. Not a good thing especially when you're wiping BM.These are the best wipes I’ve ever used when it comes to sensitive skin. They’re kind of thin but It’s not a problem. They get the job done and gets my babies bottom clean and doesn’t burn himThey are the Best Wipes Ever! Especially for babies to prevent diaper rash. Also great for all ages to use for wiping faces, hands and to keep in the car for quick clean-ups! I used them to take makeup off and it prevents any pores from clogging and your face feels fresh as ever. Also helps prevent UTI's for those who have frequent problems with this. Love them & Won't use anything else!The wipes do the job. Do not dry the skin and leave the skin soft.I am thrilled to finally have found these wipes! I tried a few other brands that promoted themselves as being safe for babies but they just did not seem to stay moistened and it felt like I had to use the entire box to get my daughter clean. These are well moistened AND safe. The only reason I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 is because the wipes are not threaded together so they do not work in a wipe holder. If they could fix that they would be absolutely perfect!!These are the best wipes out and I love that I can use them on anything and not have to worry about a scent or other chemicals.I bought 2 packs of the WaterWipes during the 2 mos. our granddaughter (10 mos) was visiting from the UK. My granddaughter has sensitive skin & too many of the other wipes available still have some ingredient that makes break out in a rash. These worked great for her & was able to take a few packs back to the UK with her. At home of coarse tap water & a wash coth are less costly. Worth the price for me for their convenience & peace of mind when traveling.I am not using them as baby wipes. I am using them as a way that Does Not involve an antibacterial to wash or wipe the cat dander from my hands so I don't have to debate whether to get up and wash them when nearly asleep.
Yes: I'm allergic to cats and own cats.I love these wipes. I keep reordering them. They are my favorite. No scent or harsh chemicals.We love these wipes because they are the wettest wipes we have been able to find, so one wipe will do vs other brands we tried where you need 3-4 wipes to do the same job. I just wish they were not so expensive in comparison.Paid more than expected but baby needed wipes and they were the only ones left on Amazon, I usually buy buggies wipes.These are great wipes, and I never used another over the past 2 years. I would have given them five stars, until a couple of months ago, when they, without warning, reduced the wipe size without reducing the price. I would have significantly preferred them to raise the price instead: now the wipes are so small that they are barely usable. I may have to look for a different kind.The material isn’t as soft as others, however they’re perfectly fine and I feel good about wiping them on my child’s skin. Smell is subtle and nice. Never once had to use baby rash cream since switching to these.I prefer these to regular wipes particularly to wipe my baby's hands and face off, because they are free of chemicals and fragrance. They are a little tricky to get out of the package, so for very soiled diapers and wiggly children you may need to plan ahead and take a few out before starting on the changing adventure, however they are pure and natural and are therefore my first choice in wipes!Would be 5 stars but the wipes aren’t layered one into another so when you pull one out it doesn’t start to pull out the next. Sucks when baby is screaming bloody murder and you are trying to get the next wipe out somehow and also because it doesn’t work with our wipe warmer. Really wish this would be fixed then wipes would be the best.I love these wipes! My son has such sensitive skin that when he was a baby all I could use on his bottom after he pooped was warm water and a washcloth until I discovered water wipes. I would definitely recommend these wipes to everyone!!!!The only product that is as close to natural as you can get. I only buy these. When it comes to safety for your baby… this WATERWIPES delivers. It contains more water unlike others, allergy friendly and pure. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.I purchased these for my newborn and elderly grandmother! Great for adults with sensitive skin and after bathroom use...we do not flush them! Perfect for my babies skin, no breakouts! I use them after nursing or pumping to wipe any leakage!I like these wipes, they are the only ones we use for my son. Problem is one of the packages came with a hole in it. Will not be purchasing these from amazon again!Favorite wipes for our children - one with eczema and very sensitive skin. The packaging is good, just be careful to not be too exuberant when opening for the first time. Otherwise the packaging may tear and your wipes may dry out.

Love that there is no strong smell and baby is not sticky afterwards like after using some big name brands.The only wipes to effectively clean newborn baby’s bum AND you can use it on their face and body!!! Hello just buy these friggin things! My son is super sensitive broke out with honest brand and organic versions - he loves these! Will be using these forever now!We were using babyganics wipes on our newborn and they seemed to be tolerated reasonably well for her diaper area (some mild redness in the area) but, after a week and a half she showed the beginnings of a diaper rash and diaper creams really didn't help at all. The other wipes also irritated the skin on her face and triggered redness/inflammation of any milia she had. After reading how newborn skin is so sensitive and reactive to almost anything other than water I thought I would give the DermaH2O wipes a try. They have been splendid! The skin on her face and neck stays nice and unirritated when cleaned with these and the mild redness in her diaper area became fainter within a day or two of the switch.

I also started using a hair dryer set to low heat at around 6-8" distance to completely dry her diaper area after every change before sealing up her new diaper and the results are perfect! The rash that was starting went away and the skin on her bottom now looks just like the rest of her skin - no redness or irritation at all.

DermaH2O wipes + warm hair dryer for super dry bum = perfect baby skin & a very comfy baby!
I won't buy any other wipe again.

Note that I do keep one finger near her bum while using the dryer so I can monitor how much heat she is being exposed to and adjust distance/time accordingly. She actually loves the hair dryer part of the change and gets very calm and looks rather "blissed out" when the warm air hits her (the sensitive parts are completely covered by the natural anatomy so its nothing erotic, just warm air on the exterior skin).

Update: After a year we are still sticking with these. We tried a couple other "sensitive" skin baby wipes such as the Lansinoh wipes when we ran low between orders and she had the beginnings of a diaper rash within a day. Back to the DermaH20 wipes and it was gone within another day or two.

Unlike some other reviewers, we have never had even a speck of mold on any of the wipes and I am very sensitive to the smell of mold so I would be quick to notice it even if it wasn't terribly visible. Not sure if we are doing something differently from those have had this issue; we keep some in a wipe warmer on the changing table and there is usually an opened, partially used pack of wipes in each of the two diaper bags we have. The opened packages in the diaper bags go unused for long stretches of time and I think it takes us a couple months to use up the wipes in these bags but still no signs of mold and they have surprisingly never dried out either and I didn't have them in any special container just the bag they came in. For us, they have continued to smell fresh and look clean even 2 months after the pack has been opened. The mold issue could possibly be regional. Perhaps we don't have the same strains of mold here in Southern California and what we do have is sufficiently inhibited by the amount of grapefruit extract that is in the wipes. I certainly have seen plenty of moldy fruits and leftovers around here but no problems with the wipes.

For any parents struggling with diaper rash I really recommend giving these a try and try a low heat hair dryer to get the skin completely dry before sealing up each new diaper (think "as dry as the back of your arm" as the goal). The main contributors to diaper rash are leaving urine residues on the skin (they react with components of the poop to produce ammonia right on the baby's skin) and leaving skin constantly moist (breaks down the hydrophobic barrier of the outside layer of skin). Everyone knows that leaving baby in soiled diapers too long causes rash but sealing diapers with skin still wet from wipes can do it too. Avoid wipes with any kind of emulsifier or typical lotions that are mostly water with emulsifiers and a little oil - both of these will trap water against the skin and degrade the hydrophobic barrier making rashes more likely. Adults don't have this problem with lotions (I slather myself with them regularly) because the outermost layer of skin gets much thicker after after early childhood. Before we left the hospital after she was born a nurse taught us that the only thing that really helps the diaper area is petroleum jelly because it can restore "waterproofness" to the skin until it heals. This advice turned out to be pretty much correct although I did have good results with pure organic olive oil (I preferred this to petroleum products) to help her recover from the rashes she did get when we tried other wipes.

Give these wipes a try and good luck with your little ones.No scent..cannot buy a better product for infant skin. Other products claim to be this pure but they’re not. No irritation ever noted even on grand son’s super sensitive skin. Just can’t beat these wipes, really awesome and for adult peri-area as well.These are a life saver! Great for when my daughter had chronic diaper rash. Even sensitive wipes would make her cringe and scream when her bottom was raw. These didn't! I just wish they weren't so expensive. Who would think wipes made with water would cost more than pampers!? I still would recommend these for anyone dealing with very sensitive bottoms or rash! Great idea.After trying all kinds of "sensitive" and "natural" wipes we have finally found one that doesn't cause rashes for my kids! There are no harsh chemicals to wipes on your kids. I know it's just water and why pay for just water. But they really aren't anymore expensive than normal wipes and they are better for your children. The cloth is soft and doesn't have a weird smell and is good for their bottom.I purchase it very often for my baby, And I really likes it. BUT, recently I found TWICE, when the wipes at the bottom are moldy! It's really a big concern if it's clean and safe for a baby stuff. Hope it only happened on a certain period time of this product. Here's the product on package for your reference.Once my tiny infant son started getting diaper rashes, my pediatrician recommended we use water and paper towels instead of traditional wipes. This is when I discovered Water Wipes. He has not had a problem with diaper rash like he did since we started using this product. No Chemicals and It always wipes him clean! I would NEVER use anything else long term. I LOVE these wipes.I love that these wipes are sensitive for baby and use mostly water. However, my husband was not a fan of them. Because they are almost entirely water, they leave our son pretty wet after we use them and that extra moisture has led to rashes. They also do not help with smell reduction, which matters as well and helps keep our son clean and smelling nice. It may simply be preference.I love that these wipes are just water and grapefruit extract, making them safe for so many applications. My only complaint is that they stick together, making it hard to get an individual wipe out of the package, but if you take them out and put into a regular wipe dispenser it fixes that issue.Initially used Pampers for my baby before I noticed her getting a recurring diaper rash. I switched to these water wipes per the recommendation of a friend and she would never get a diaper rash with these wipes. They are great for babies with sensitive skin and I love how simply and clean they are without any harsh products in them.I am highly disappointed with the wipes. It’s fake. I have used store bought water wipes which I loved and hence invested in this huge pack from Amazon. This is not all wet and so plasticy. It doesn’t do it’s job properly. I can’t even return it because of the policy.
Please don’t buy this product!! Total waste of moneyI love these wipes. The ingredients are so simple, I don't have to worry about causing irritation on my baby's skin. The practical side of me feels that it is a bit excessive to pay more for wipes that are almost entirely water, but making my own would be more of a hassle than it's worth, and I don't like using cloth wipes, so these are a great option for busy working moms like me who still want to use natural products but don't have a lot of time.We love these water wipes so we started a subscription to save money on them and buy in these bulk quantity. Turns out the packaging wAs different than the smaller packaging and also the quality. They had almost no water in them and were so rough. We cancelled the subscription and will go for some other brand.I really like these and they don't irritate my baby's bottom.

We started out with WaterWipes the first few weeks after our baby was born and they were great. We received a huge box of Huggies brand wipes, so I decided to try them out when we ran out of our WaterWipes. Within days our baby started to develop a minor rash. We switched back to WaterWipes and haven't had an issue since.

They're pricier, but worth it for us.These were long expired when I received them. Sadly I didn't notice until after I had used them and it was past the return period.Hands down best baby wipes on the market You could break the tab and the package would take forever to dry out. They are amazing!! No perfume smell. A must buy.I love water wipes! They are very moist, making cleaning up a breeze. I love that they don't have a scent or any weird chemicals. They're great for my daughter's sensitive bottom! I also like that they can be used all over - I use them on her face and body with no adverse reactions. They can be a bit hard to get out, but they are so moist that they retain their moisture even when exposed to some air.Thanks to these wipes my daughter stopped getting rashes. She was highly allergic to all baby wiped and diapers from the day she was born. For the first couple months we used water and cotton to wipe her, which was a nightmare, until we found these. We also switched her diapers to honest company and rashes have been gone, she is almost 1 now. Thank you to whoever invented these, such a simple concept, but so effective!We love these wipes and so does our baby! They’re a little pricey but worth it because they are so pure compared to all the other wipes out there...just water and a hint of fragrance. I’m sure it’s a combination of things, but our 1 yr old has yet to get a diaper rash and I know some of the credit goes to these awesome wipes!Love these baby wipes! I don't know why there aren't more brands that are pure water without chemicals. The only area for improvement is the ease a which the wipes separate. They are difficult to get apart using one hand and difficult to get out of the package when the wipe count gets low. However, they stay nice and moist, are able to cleanup the tough jobs, and I can use them on sensitive noses and bottoms without worrying about my baby's skin drying out.Absolutely LOVE these wipes. My son was getting rashes so much, I tried creams, changing diaper brands and nothing worked they kept coming back. Finally decided to switch wipes and bought these, instant relief for my little man! I bought some for my niece as well. Cant recommend enough!! 10/10We use these wipes for my daughter. They were recommended by her pediatrician for her sensitive skin. They have helped so much. She was getting a rash pretty bad from the other wipes and the switch helped clear it up fast.Used these exclusively while baby was NB- 3months, then switched to huggies natural care. Water wipe cloth doesn’t pick up and hold mess in the fibers like the other brand.. kind of moves it around. But love using these when he started eating! He put them in his mouth as a distraction between bites and we didn’t worry about chemicals.My little one was incredibly sensitive and these were irritating to the skin. The water part of it is amazing. Not dry, perfectly moist, awesome. But the citrus part stings!!!! Wash cloths and water work better if babies skin is very sensitive.I love to use these at parks or beaches for my little ones hands’ to clean them after food or snacks.I used to love these, but i keep getting packages that leak. For 40 dollars, this shouldnt be happening. These should be the best packaged wipes on earth. But instead, i keep getting leaky wipes which im sure compromises the purity of the wipes. Also, why are wipes made with 99.9% water so costly? Finding a new brand.These are the best baby wipes. I wish they weren’t so expensive because I would exclusively use these.This four pack was leaking on arrival, and you can't return this product on amazon. Water wipes work fine for our baby, but we will purchase locally or from a vendor with a more reasonable replacement/return policy for stuff like this.These work great! Unlike other baby wipe brands, there is absolutely no smell with these at all. I have eczema so I'm limited by a lot of the baby product options as they have ingredients that I'm sensitive to. Water wipes do not create any reaction for me, which is great since I'm not at all hesitant to use these with my children.These wipes are the best! They are non-scented, not irritating, and they don't have a slippery filmy feeling like other "sensitive" wipes I have tried in the past. These are essentially water. My son had a few bad diaper rashes as a newborn. The doctor recommended to just use a cloth (disposable or washable) with warm water. I was getting sick of the cloth dripping all over the house, and I was getting sick of buying the disposable wash cloths (which aren't easy to find). I came across these wipes at target. They are perfect. I use them to wipe hands, face and toys too.I love that these wipes are non-toxic, and they are nice and wet and clean well, BUT everyone in my house hates them cause they come out clumped together and you can't get less than six of them out of the package at once. Everyone's been asking me when we are going back to our old wipes (the Honest wipes), and once our water wipes run out, we wont be buying them again.It worked wonders on my son's skin- he gets diaper rashes like crazy and these keep them away plus love the limited ingredients. Just 2 ingredients and I can pronounce them allWater wipes are incredible! My son since birth has been using them. We tried all the other wipes when my wife came across Water Wipes. They are the only wipes that are gentle enough for our son. Plus they can be used to wipe the face or to cool off when we are out and about on warm days.

The only down side is that the wipes are not folded to automatically pull out easily after each use. Minor but when you are dealing with an explosive mess this small request can sure come in handy.Have used many brands: Pampers, Huggies, 7th Generation and Babyganics. These are BY FAR the best for limited ingredients. The wipes are soft and durable. Not scratchy on the skin the way other wipes are. Never a problem with mold, keep them unopened in a cool place and they will last for many months. An opened package lasts close to 3-4 weeks in a cool place as well (not sitting in a diaper bag in a hot car...). They are smaller than before, but honestly that wasn't a big deal to me. If you are concerned about size more than ingredients and texture than these are not the wipes for you.I first purchased this to avoid putting chemicals on baby's bum, but have since developed allergies for which this is also a great choice. This wipe is essentially water. I also use plain water on flannel and cotten rags which I wash in the laundry, but these WaterWipes work especially well for travelling and wiping up outside of the house. I also use them to wipe down dirty surfaces and to clean baby's hands and face -- totally safe for that!Love the wipes,they stay super wet unlike Pampers or Huggies.Seem more gentle also.Cons-hate the packaging,get 1 out and get 20 also.Also seem small.Would think for the price,they could do better on packaging and make wipes larger...but don't break baby out like others.I love these wipes. They are great for babies since there are no chemicals and other unnecessary ingredients. I've been using these on my 4 month old since she was born and she hasn't had a single diaper rash thank God!!! The only reason im giving this a 4 star and not a 5 star is because the wipes do not overlap so sometimes it becomes inconvenient when you need to use more. I have to take them out ahead of time, and i also keep them in a huggies plastic container.Will be buying these again. There super soft/ thick/ no smell. Coco is allergic to grass, we use this alot on him. They didn't break him out. God BlessThese are great! They are moist and work great for cleaning during diaper changes. My baby had such a sore bun with other wipes. New favorite wipe.The product is a nice texture and soft but my baby had a bad reaction to the citrus in it. He has sensitive skin so this isn’t the product for that. I spoke to the doctor and they said this product is for older babies not 5 month olds.Best wipes for my newborn. I only used water wipes on my son through his first 3weeks and when I ran out I thought, sure why not try another brand I had received as a shower gift. In less than a week my son developed a diaper rash. So I ordered some more water wipes to see if the change in wipes had cause the irritation. Sure enough within a few days of using water wipes again, his rash completely cleared up and hasn’t been back since!These are the best wipes out there. We stick with all natural products and have tried quite a few and these are by far my favorite. They are simple, don't have any weird smell and have simple ingredients. I actually feel comfortable using them on every part of my baby and don't worry if he puts them in his mouth.I love mostly everything about these wipes! I love that if my neice or nephew get into them, I won't have to worry about them putting the wipes into their mouths. I also love that they're wet and thick and I only needed 1 wipe (when I breastfed) 2 max during a change. They're handy for feeding aftermaths and normal cleanups. I've used them on myself before but I didn't like that I was sort of dry and uncomfortable. Luckily, I use coconut oil on my son instead of baby powder, so everything is balanced out.
**TIP/ADVICE** When closing, after use, I would suggest making sure that you squeeze out the air and turn over upside down (when around heat/air) or place inside a ziploc bag, to keep them from drying out (I haven't had any problems with my wipes doing this).I love that I can use them for everything such as wiping their face. That the only ingredient is water and strawberry extractThese wipes are THE best! Very simple, with only two ingredients. They work great for our LO. We bought a container to keep open packs in. But, we have used them straight out of the pack and it sealed fine for us. And, we have not had any issues with mold. But, we keep our home pretty cool and we bring our diaper bag in, so they don't ever get too hot.12 pack for only this much ? Sign me up ⬆️I love these !!! My oldest child is allergic to anything with Alcohol (not consumable alcohol) in its ingredients list. These are perfect for on the go especially with her and my baby boy. My husband loves them so much he takes a pack or two with him to the oil patch and keeps in his work bag. They are very moist and even with the poopiest diapers I usually only have to use 2-3 max 😆 (TMI sorry). They are very durable and soft as well.These are the best wipes in the market period. If you look at the other brands' sensitive wipes, you're going to notice tons of chemicals. Not these. These are really well made wipes that you can most like ration if needed but they don't tear well.

Our baby has barely any rash issues for over a year when we used these wipes exclusively.I can’t imagine life without these wipes. The only brand I’ve found without a lot of chemicals. I use them for everything. Read the label, it’s hard to find anything this clean.My grand daughter has allergies and sensitive skin. These wipes are perfect for her.Please read reviews, my baby started getting a rash after using- I’ve used in pst with no problems. I noticed it does look like the fake product in another post. Can’t return.My babies bum has been sensitive since day ONE in the hospital they provided huggies natural care they irritated her bum, I immediately knew we were going to need to use the pack we had at home it was such a blessing we got a pack from my baby shower. Now we buy the nine pack box every two weeks usually.Product was works for sensitive skin but thin and has to be double if it is a bm because goes through the wipe. It’s gross and should be thicker.These are the best baby wipes that we have tried. They don't smell, they do not leave sticky residue, and our baby has not had diaper rash in 6 months (since we started to use them).
BUT ... the package tears easily, and they are a bit difficult to get out. In fact, this is the annoying part: sometimes you get only one wipe, especially when the package is almost full, but sometimes get 20 wipes out (we didn't get this problem with any other wipes we tried). And this is SO frustrating when you're already dealing with a wiggly baby covered in poop.
It would be great if they could fix this problem! (It shouldn't be so difficult to do since I don't know any other wipes out there that have this problem)Do yourself a favor and only wipe ur babies bottoms with these. Tho I, don’t rip and minimal ingredientsLove these wipes. Perfect for sensitive hineys. I love how they have nothing but water and grapefruit on the ingredient list. I used to get the cheaper store brand but I wasted so much in bunched up wipes that I feel these are pretty similar in price.I do not recommend these wipes. Cheaply made. The bunch up and it is very hard to get one up at a time. All other wipes we have tried are better. Catering to nervous parents thinking that there are harmful components in other wipes - which is not true.I mostly like these wipes and will keep buying them because they work well and don't have a bunch of unnecessary junk in them. But they don't feed through a dispenser (our wipe warmer, specifically), and they don't separate from each other easily so we end up wasting a lot of wipes because they come out in clumps.Safe for baby. Love them. I will say the cloths are stacked/layered poorly in each package so sometimes you get like 4 that come out glommed together, but that's not a deal breaker for me. A little frustrating yes. No scent. Well moistened. Great product.I like the water wipes. They are okay for a quick clean up. The packaging allows the product not to dry out, because it’s got a reusable flap. Plenty of moisture in them too.Pros:
1) Cleans well.
2) Is moist, if the lid(plastic tape) is closed well after each use.

Cons:
1) Wipe dispenser dispatches more than one wipes most of the time.
2) Wipe can be little larger in size. More surface area.Amazing! Truly one of the best wipes I've used. Little pricey but so worth it. Natural & thick good quality.Great for sensitive skin. My little guy had terrible diaper rash, I tried everything, turns out his little bum was just sensitive to all the other wipes out there. I like these because they stay moist in the wipe warmer and you use less because they clean so well.I have had four children and have found nothing better. These have no scent and are thick enough for any job. All of my offspring are blessed with extremely sensitive skin. With most success avoiding rashes with elimination communication and these luxurious wipes. The nine pouches are great for stocking up and last me two to three months depending on circumstances.Mixed feelings about these wipes. They definitely are almost as pure as they can be, but they make my baby's bottom area quite raw and has lots of tender, redness.... In addition, just find out about grapefruit seed extract and I don't like what I've known about it. I probably won't order these anymore - I'll be making my own wipes.These wipes are very watery and thin, when you pull on one wipe several come out at a time. We also had to squeeze some of the water out before wiping baby’s bottom, they are very wet.After the Earth's Best wipes shot up in price, and my son had a severe reaction from the Seventh Generation wipes, we tried these. Fantastic.
Couldn't be happier. My son's bottom healed, and these keep him clean. Nice and thick, good sized. Always very well moistened out of pack. Probably the most moist ones I've used. Repeat customer for sure.I have used these wipes exclusively for over 1 year now with no problem in fact, I love them. I appreciate these are the only truly non-toxic wipes available. As with other brands, it can be hard to pull one wipe out at a time. But in the grand scheme of things, I can deal with shoving back a few extra wipes into the package. I have never experienced any molding issues with these wipes and will continue to use them as long as I have a need for wipes.I love these wipes so much i’ve been using them since my baby was born. She’s 5 months and i’ve had about 3-4 cases since then these last for a very long time because one wipe can get the job done! The wipes are very moist and they never tear (unlike huggies). And they can be used for almost anything(regarding your baby) bc they are 99% water. Best purchase i’ve made. Also recommend for new moms looking for something natural for baby.My daughter is now 15 months and we haven't looked back ever since we used water wipes. We quickly realized that she was allergic to almost every other brand of wipes. These wipes are moist and the perfect size. At times they bundle together which can make it difficult to just take one at a time but the pros defiantly out weigh the cons.I use these for my baby and then a million other things two! They’re great to use on baby’s bottom and face! (Or anywhere else that needs a wipe down!). I trust they are gentle and healthier than most wipes.No scent, perfect for my child's sensitive skin. Only wipe that doesn't break him out. Never had a diaper rash!The paper is too thin, but other than that I love the fact that these are made with water. I would love them even more without the scent.Our kids have super sensitive skin, even the sensitive wipes can cause irritation. These are the only ones that don’t. It takes a few more wipes to clean an exceptionally messy diaper but their skin won’t be affectedThese are wonderful! Our kiddo doesn't cry when we wipe anymore and no diaper rash/skin irritation since we started using water wipes. We use pampers sensitive skin and water wipes now. Would use all water wipes if they weren't soooo expensive. Pampers wipes are cheaper, but they are sticky and sting irritated skin, so we only use pampers when there is no skin irritation and minimal wiping needed.Ever since I was introduced to flushable wipes I've been hooked, but I've had two problems. 1, flushable wipes are terrible for the environment and as a result, bad for my conscience, and 2, most have fragrance, and fragrance is a big no no for my lady parts.
These solve both as I'm not tempted to flush them (just right into my bin) and I get the cleanliness from a wipe without risking infections. They also don't dry out quickly. Each pack tends to last me 2-3 of weeks and they never dry out.These wipes are really nice, soft and thick. Unfortunately, they still didn't work for my baby and she still had a reaction to the one preservative ingredient in them. So far, the only thing I can use on home made. I wish they worked for her.I’m a Postpartum Doula. These are the best to use on your newborn. These are the originals. They did it first, now Pampers, Huggies and everyone else want to do 99.9% water & 1% fruit juice. Why didn’t they do it first like WaterWipe? I’m sticking with the original generators!Love Love Love these, was specifically looking for something without chemicals for my bulldogs, I use these to clean their faces, anything else I tried was causing skin irritation. I use them on my own face as well and they are so great, refreshing and clean! I keep giving away packs to my friends.I originally thought these were not the real Water Wipes brand but after purchasing another box at Target after receiving these I saw that the company changed the packaging and slightly changed the box.I liked that they got the job done but they were really Too wet.Overall like the product for its simplicity. Performance is good. I gave it 3 stars because 1. These particular batch of wipes were very dry (perhaps old enough that some of the water evaporated). Other Water Wipes I've purchased have been more moist. And 2. The box was quite damaged and the packaging had sharpie on it with the name "Eddie" written on it.Liked it at first because this is my first child so never really had anything else to compare it to. After trying the pampers sensitive I definelty wouldn’t use the water wipes again. It doesn’t clean well and doesn’t slide on the skin.
Im sure it is amazing for babies with allergies. I have it a try but it didn’t suit me.I got a single pack of these at Babies R Us as a promotional give away and I LOVED them. When I saw them on Amazon I was excited to save myself the trip to the store. The wipes that came in this package were nothing like the ones I got at Babies R Us. They were smaller, made out of different material & felt like they left an oily residue on my baby's skin. I may try them again from Babies R Us but I will never buy them from Amazon again.We have been using these wipes since our four-year-old twins were born. They are awesome! Never any irritation, no odor. They feel great to the touch and most importantly I feel good that I’m not smothering my children and chemicals. I would never use another wipeWe use these to change our newborn & give "baths". I like the smell & they are very wet & work great for both uses. Only complaint is that the plastic "lid" has broken on each stack of wipes so we end up having to tape it on for the last 30% of wipes. Luckily the wipes are pretty wet so we haven't had any dry out despite this issue.Been buying these for years . Used it on my son 6 now and daughter 2 now . I use them to wipe their hands feet face . They are great because they is no alcohol in the wipes and very great for sensitive skin .Strong and soft. I use them for the puppy, to clean counter tops,clean my yoga mat, wipe spills floor, etc ..... safes a lot of kitchen towelThese wipes are so refreshing for us parents that do not want products with various chemicals. These are the ONLY wipes we use for our baby. We have never had any issues. REPEAT BUYERThese wipes are the best I have ever used. Soft, large, no scents, and gentle on the skin. I wish they came in smaller travel packs for the diaper bag! They are worth every penny and I believe they help prevent diaper rash.I loved the concept behind these wipes. I hate the fact that they come out. One. At. A. Time. We have a munchkin wipes warmer (which is great!) and we have to stick our hands inside every dang time to fish out a wipe. Not ideal. Once we finish off the huge box I ordered, we won't be getting them again. Also, wipe size is very small, as others have mentioned. Too bad. :(I'm sorry to say I don't like these wipes. The ingredients in them seem to be fine, as they don't bother my baby's skin. However I'm not a fan of the material itself, they are thin and small. So you only get one good swipe per sheet and their thinness makes them just wad up in your hand. So I will not be purchasing again.These are the best the only ones good enough for my babies with very sensitive skin2nd case to order. Great for adults we are 64. There is no scent, just pure
.A must have!It’s a great product for babies because it’s water based and perfect for sensitive skinThese are honestly the best wipes, they have enough moisture and are sensitive for baby. I have tried almost every brand and have continued to come back to these. The only drawback is that they sometimes are difficult to remove from the package single handedly but honestly I don't mind for the quality of the wipe.I love that this product is chemical and fragrance free!!! But I wish the wipes were softer. They are stiff and rough to the touch. Using them on my baby's delicate skin up to 10 diaper changes per day, seemed like torture. Hubby tried them on himself and he agreed. Also, the wipes are not stacked accordian style, so most of the time I'll dig out 3 wipes at once. If these things are improved, then the product would be near perfect.These are perfect for my son’s sensitive skin. I give him a little wipe with every single diaper change, and we have been fortunate not to have and diaper rash issues. In my opinion I think that is a credit to the wipes.Love these water wipes! Use them for everything! I keep them at the dinner table for easy clean up for hands and face.Excellent quality highly recommendedThese wipes are terrible. They are flimsy. Save yourself the money and get Huggies wipes. I got them because of the shortage due to the coronavirus and we were almost out. Absolute last resort.I liked the softness, the scent, and the gentleness on my skin of this product.Our daughter has extremely sensitive skin. I've tried other wipes that said they were "natural", including Seventh Generation, Whole Foods 365, and Honest Kids. She said that each one made her feel like her skin was burning. This is the first wipe we've used that is gentle enough for us to use even when her eczema is flared.These are my favorite baby wipes due to there are so few ingredients. They are difficult to get out of the bag so I have to pull them out before diaper changes.If you’re in a pinch, yeah the wipes will work. But they don’t layer to pop out of the package or a dispenser at all (these lay stacked flat) and they drip when being used (way too much water solution).My twins are allergic to most baby wipes, but these work beautifully. Although they are more expensive, it's worth it for their health. I've read some other reviews about mold growing on the wipes, but we've been using these for 8 months, and that has never happened. They're gentle and natural for your baby's skin, and are thick and not cheap like some other brands of wipes. We will continue to buy these until the twins are potty trained!Great for adult clean up. Only negative is they are hard to separate into individual wipes.Bought this for my second child. First child had sensitive skin so didn't wanna chance harsher brands with my second. The hospital had these when she was born and her skin has not broken out with them. Really soft and no scent. I would compare to pampers sensitive. Love them .I’m a PMU artist so I originally bought these for work for my clients with sensitive skin.
My box sent home one day and both my son and mother started using them and they also LOVE IT!Love these wipes. After my baby had diaper rash in the first month after birth, I switched to these and never had the diaper rash problem. (I used Butt paste with that diaper rash and still use it intermittently) .These wipes are basically water and nothing else and I can't imagine using anything with any chemicals on my baby's skin.I am allergic to aloe so this is perfect for my skin. Soft and cooling and doesn't irritate my very sensitive skin. I also use these to wipe my dog's paws when they come in from the street.I love these wipes! I feel good knowing I'm not wiping harsh chemicals onto my sweet baby! They clean well and are made of good quality material, they don't fall apart. It is lovely to be able to wipe your hands and other things clean with out smelling like a 2 year old sprayed purfume on you! I attempted to get them from a store near my home but they were frequently out of stock. It was so much easier to get them delivered to me in a case from trusty old Amazon. The wipes do dry a little after opening... I poor a little bottled/distilled water into the bag to rehydrate. Overall I am happy and will continue to purchase them IN BULK because I don't think my little one will quit pooping anytime soon!I use these to wipe my peloton down. They recommend wiping with something that does not contain chemicals. I love these for the bike.This is a wonderful product. I use these for makeup removal and daily cleansing wipes for freshening throughout the day. They are durable and scent-free. I like them better than Seventh Generation wipes because they don't tear when they are pulled from the package and the texture is smoother. I ordered a second box for my infant granddaughter.Best wipes by far! They clean better than any other wipes I've tried and I feel the best about using them over others with lots of chemicals.

UPDATE....
they changed these wipes and they are no longer nearly as moist. Will likely be switching to honest wipes.You might not like if you are used to pampers or huggies wipes. These are smaller and they don't interlock- meaning it's hard to pull one out (you need 2 hands which is not very feasible when doing diaper changes). Also there are less wipes per package than pampers. I'm switching back to pampers mostly because these are just hard to pull out.I love that these are just water and a little fruit extract. They do a good job of cleaning. The only problem i have is the packaging, its hard for me to get just one wipe to pop out at a time. Sometimes a bunch come out together. Pampers has really perfected the packaging where only one comes out at a time. I still will buy the waterwipes because they are a healthy choice i think.I purchased the wrong packets but I ended up loving them and plan to purchase more. Each wipe is sturdy, and I really like that these do not have the chemically smell like other larger brands. My toddler has very sensitive skin and these do not bother her skin.Best wipes ever! So wet and easy to get the messy diaper changes over with quickly! Nothing like a wet wipe that can give your baby's bum a quick wash. Only thing I dislike is the adhesive tab. It loses its adhesiveness pretty fast so the tab doesn't stick. Just take them out of the packet and put it in a plastic wipes case.Best scent free baby wipe for sensitive skin. This is the only wipe I buy for my kids. Amazon has great prices on bulk purchases.Nice size, get a the job done.I really want to love these wipes as they are the most natural we have found besides using cloth or making our own and work well. Absolutely hate that they aren't accordion stacked, however. I either have to dig down in our wipe warmer to grab one because the subsequent wipe didn't draw the next wipe up or I wastefully pull up three to four at a time. Would give five stars if manufacturer would make them interlocking.Soft with feeling of touch! I don’t like thick wipes because it will loose the feeling of touching my baby. Sometime too many times wiping or too hard wiping will cause dipper rash. But this wipe is full of water with great thickness. No scent makes me more comfortable to use on my child.For my baby, I really like these wipes for # 1s. They are excellent for sensitive skin, and I also use them if I'm feeling too lazy to wash my makeup off at night. For # 2s, I use Clearly Herbal wipes instead, because they are better for getting poo off and they smell good but they are not as delicate on the skin as these. Sooo, I order both brands and they each serve their different purposes. Great products.Love these wipes they are the best, I like the textured ones also, especially for big messes.These are the best wipes out there. The competitor brands were giving my son diaper rash and because of the chemicals I was hesitant to use them on his face and hands. These water wipes are basically just water and keep moist and have had no issues with mold or anything. I use them for his bum and hands and anywhere really. Highly recommend!Was a little hesitant, due to some bad reviews, but I absolutely love these wipes. I love that they have no ingredients. They are so clean! My son is three months old, and we have not had any sort of rash or break out. We use these wipes for everything! Definitely recommend. All of my delivers have provided wipes that are in great condition.I've tried a few other brands of wipes and this one is the best. It stays very moist, so much easier to use to clean any messes the baby has. Also it's a plus that it's unscented with no chemicalsThese wipes are very dry, and the texture is very rough on baby skin. I use this brand all the time and never had an issue in the past. It seems like it’s an old batch I received. The wipes are useless to me.I love the lack of ingredients but overall severely displeased with the wipes. They are paper thin. I felt and smelled as though I wiped behinds with my hand. The wipes do not dispense one at a time or even unfolded. They dispense in chunks and then you are left to pull them apart and spread to use. Not user friendly. Disappointed.Very best baby wipes I've ever tried! No soapy residue, pure water and smell is so light, they can be used on hands and faces, as well. Fantastic for sensitive skin!Great for all babies NB and older!Really like these wipes. Just the right size, right amount of moist and softness. We have been using them for 10 months and never had a problem with mold as a few people have. My only complaint about this is that the next wipe doesn't come out as easily as other brands, so when we need to get one, sometimes it can take a few seconds to remove it from the bag.I think this is the best wipes on the market. I love that they clean and have almost no chemicals. They very moist allowing me to use only one napkin when I’m changing my baby. And It’s soft for baby butt. My only complaint that it always pulls couple of sheets at one time, sometimes more.These wipes are just okay. I don't know what I was expecting. They seem totally fine for sensitive skin but the packing is kind of a pain. When you pull out a wipe, it'll usually pull out 3 or 4 wipes instead. It's super annoying.These are the only wipes I use for my newborn. Other brands cause redness or diaper rash. Also, if I can't pronounce the ingredients in a diaper wipe, I don't want to use them on my baby's tush.Your finger goes through, they tear when pulling them out! We gave the entire box away! Not worth the money, will not purchase again.This is the only wipes I will use for my babies. Every other brand makes them red & irritated I’ve tried them all! This is the best!We've been very pleased with these wipes thus far, and unlike some of the other reviews, have not had any issues with mold in the packaging. Following a good amount of research, we purchased this brand specifically since it's the closest thing to wiping your little one with water, and we can feel confident we aren't putting any harmful toxins on or in our daughter's body.I just bought these mid October of 2018, and just now opened the box to set up for my baby who will be here in less than a week... opened it only to realize they all were manufactured in May of 2017 and expired October of 2018. Frustrated to say the least, and worried about quality control.We love these wipes. The only down fall is the they don’t come out like typical wipes. So sometimes they get kind of tangled. It can be really annoying because when you really need wipes for the baby.These are all water and so gentle on the skin. Ever since I switched to these from other big name wipes, my baby hasn’t had diaper rash or redness/sensitivity!Our son developed diaper rash that wasn't getting better with any cream we tried, and we tried them all! He had a diaper rash that was more of an open wound, it looked like someone had taken a cheese grater to his butt. Poor kid. Our pediatrician recommended that we stop using wipes and made water wipes at home. We read about these and decided to give it a shot. It wasn't long before his diaper rash was looking better. I think it only took a day or two to show improvement. We have since stayed with these wipes and will probably not go back to regular wipes any time soon.These are perfect for sensitive skin. They are soft and have no scent. They are really good in newborns who are more prone to a diaper rash.I love that these wipes are just water and nothing else but they are much smaller compared to other wipes. They also don't accordian like most wipes. They are very hard to grab just one and then it doesn't open easy. Anyone whose changed a dirty wiggly baby knows you need that wipe open and ready stat or your gonna end up using a lot more wipes then needed.The latest batch of wipes—for which I paid the same price—are nearly 10% smaller in size. The old wipes were 6.9 x 7.7 inches while the new ones are 6.4 x 7.3 inches. They even went as far as switching the order of the dimensions on the packaging so that the new wipes say 7.3 x 6.4, presumably hoping that you'll only look at the first number.

I don't appreciate being ripped off and so I won't be buying these anymore.I had used Huggies natural care wipes previously which are made from paper. They felt soft to use on baby's delicate skin, easy to tear off if full wipe is not needed, no fibers coming off at tearing. I wish I had seen what Water wipes are made up of before purchasing!

Although these don't contain harsh chemicals, material is by far my only complaint with these wipes. Started using it recently, so can't comment on diaper rash yet. Overall ok.I love Waterwipes. Other than Walgreens, this is the cheapest price on WaterWipes I can find. These work great. As your baby matures and enters eating solids, two of these wipes at a time might work best, but this also really does depend on the parent's choice in how they wipe. I prefer using either these or The Honest Company's wipes. My husband likes these wipes (I don't think he has used the Honest Company's yet, though).I think these wipes are excellent, BUT i order 12 packs through a subscription and the last shipments I have gotten 12 packs of wipes that expire in less then 3 weeks. It has a born on date of May of 2017, a little frustrating spending this type of money on wipes that are almost 2 years old and expire almost immediately. I hope this has been a fluke because if not I’ll spend my money wipes that have been made this year.I have been using these wipes on my newborn for two months and I love them. There is only one thing I wish were different- We use a wipe warmer, and the way the wipes are stacked in the package, the next wipe doesn't pop up so I have to completely open the wipe warmer lid instead of using the more convenient pop up slot on the top.Water Wipes are great. Our little one has sensitive skin and these wipes haven't caused any irritation.

My wife loves that the ingredient list is straightforward and these don't contain any extra 134 letter chemical compounds that have dubious health reputations.

I like that we can get these in bulk and don't have to run out to get new wipes all the time.Easy to grab and use knowing your baby isnt getting any chemicals on their little body. I use them to clean her after feeding her food. Perfect!These wipes are the best! They are great for cleaning up faces, bottoms, hands, etc... They have no chemicals so I feel safe using them on my little ones as well as things they will put in their mouth (anything).The flaw with these wipes is when you pull one out the next one won’t follow along so if you have a wipe warmer you will have to open up for every wipeI wish I could give them 10 stars!!! I can't say enough about this wonderful natural product. 2 weeks after birth my 4mos old was diagnosed with a severe rash that required a prescription & water only to cleanse; naturally, this was a huge dilemma. I found this product which has been a life saver. She has been using it for 3.5mos with NO rash, thank God for WaterWipes!!!!!!!these are awesome. no rashes jus a squeaky clean little peach....love that they have no chemical in them. Would have given 5 stars if they were interlocked so one pulls up the next.....means I can't use my wipe warmer's flip lid and have to sometimes put poopy fingers into the box. The individual packages have really crappy re-sealing tabs. Otherwise they're great.Cleanest wipes on the market! Buy them!!Love these wipes! Our friend recommended these when we had our son. We have tried a few other brands but keep coming back to these. 6 months diaper rash free! The only downside is because they are all water the dirty diaper smell can linger a bit after they have been changed and sometimes the wipes come out in clumps.We have used these wipes since our child was born. I love them so much, they are as natural as you can get and are great for her since her skin is sensitive. I use them for just about everything including cleaning toys for her when needed. I like that you can buy them in bulk from Amazon but you can also get some at Target and other local stores if you need them in a rush. They don't dry out easily which is great. I would recommend for any moms especially those with sensitive skinned babies.Love these but packaging needs to be better. Easily leaks.Stocking up on these baby wipes while we wait for our adopted baby to come home! We found these wipes while searching for natural options for our soon to be sweet babe. Nothing much in them- and perfect for sensitive baby skin. No crazy chemicals or harsh ingredients! These wipes make this momma to be breathe easy.You need a lot of them. They are super small and thin. I prefer the honest brandWhen our baby first got diaper rash I was a panicked first time mom. I didn't want to see my child in pain and the little blisters on his bum broke my heart. I did a lot of research and have a whole "system" for quickly and easily clearing diaper rash, and these wipes were part of it. They seemed soothing and "sting free" when wiping his little blistered bum and I'm now debating on switching to these full time!As previously mentioned the only downside to this incredible product is that they sometimes stick together- I'll take that any day over chemicals on my baby's skin. We will never use anything (even other wipes that claim to be for sensative skin! I'm so impressed that they stay so wet and moist even without chemicals! This is a game changer and I've been a mom for 13 years! So happy these came along in time for #3!I use these every morning to wipe my baby’s neck and hands clean of spit up. I also sometimes use them to wipe his face. They are very soft and moist and work great. I trust it since it’s 99% water. I store mine upside down to ensure the top stay wetThese wipes are the best I have ever tried. If only they weren’t that expensive, but it’s worth it. They are very natural and it seems like you were just wiping your baby with just water which it is amazing. This is the second time we bought a big box after we tried some sample wipes that I was given during pregnancy.These are great, comfortable and clean well for my kids- toddler and newborn. HypoallergenicI have ordered these numerous times which is the reason for 5 stars. Received box in December and now down to last 3 packages and they are completely dry and packages appear to have never been open. So I had to lower my stars.Love these wipes. So nice that there are only two ingredients! Plus, they stay super moist even after the package has been opened.These are amazing and a must have if you are a busy person who needs something quick and effective to help with clean up jobs when water and a sink are unavailable. Super gentle on the skin, very large and durable. Good quality, very impressedI really want to love these wipes, I love the concept of just water and fruit extract but the wipes just seem too small for our 2 year old. For a newborn I'm sure the size is great. My other pet peeve is that a lot of wipes will come out at once from the package and I just hate wasting them.This is the best wet wipe in the market that it really feels only water in it. Most other brands will give you some sticky feels after use, this one won't. My baby's skin is very sensitive this one took care of it very well.We've previously used Huggies Natural Care and these WaterWipes clean so much more efficiently! They are more expensive per wipe but you'll use less of them. They wipe clean and don't leave a sticky residue. The only downsides are that they are sometimes hard to handle with only one hand and they don't dispense very easily (we have them in a wipe warmer). Definitely worth the extra money and I will purchase again.Great for giving a quick bath to baby when its cold outside and don't want to keep baby uncovered for too long. And wonderful for diaper changes.Best wipes EVER!! First there are no chemicals just grapefruit seed oil and water. Even the sensitive formulas of other brands have tons of disgusting chemicals you would never want on your baby's skin. We use them for EVERYTHING in the house. We dust with them. We clean kitchen counters with them. We clean the inside of the cars with them. I cleaned spider spots off the boat with them yesterday. They truly are my go to for everything in this house. They are safe for my kids and work like a charm.Love these. They are "wetter" than traditional wipes, which I like -- don't have to wipe as hard. Much more sensitive for newborn hineys. And, if your baby gets a diaper rash, doc will tell you not to use "chemical" wipes bc they can irritate the skin more. And, I can wipe baby's face (not eyes) without worrying about chemicals.Great price. I've been using this brand for 3 years now and have never had any problems with them.Only product I deem safe enough to use to wipe my dog's feet and tush when he comes in from his walks. The other kinds of baby wipes, even unscented, contain harmful chemicals which, when used multiple times a day on an animal (or an infant!) cannot possibly be safe. This stuff is great.So many wipes have super unhealthy ingredients in them. Babies have very absorbent skin, so I don't want to use anything but the cleanest product I can find. Thankfully, these water wipes are just plain and simple water. It's the next best thing to bathing my baby with every diaper change, which . . . isn't going to happen! =)We have been using these wipes on our 9 month old daughter since she was born. We have tried other "all natural" wipes but have decided to stick with these. They work well and truly are natural with a minimal ingredient list. They have never irritated my daughter as well and are safe for the face too! The big box is super convenient for stocking up as well.Edit 🚨
Very moist, I like the no scent, good price buying the box.
I’m definitely purchasing this again.
///2022///
Very rough material gave our baby a rash. We had to stopped issuing them.These wipes are more costly than your traditional wipes bu they are so soft and they dont leave residue behind like those other wipes. They hold just enough water and rarely dry out! Love love love these wipes.I have a baby with uber sensitive skin and I've tried many baby wipes and I think that these have worked best. I like that they have no chemicals and are just pure and simple. They could be a tad thicker but really they work great! They are always very wet feeling and cold. So it seems like it'd be refreshing. I will and do continue to purchase these for my baby.Love that these don’t have “extra ingredients”. Really appreciate how clean they are. Do be ware that they are considerably thinner than the average wipe. Hope they can fix that at some point. However, I will continue to buy because of heath benefit.Great for sensitive babies. No diaper rashes anymore.

The only negative is I wish they were inter folded so when you pull one the next one comes out, sometimes it’s hard to pull them out of the packet.Purchased these for a coworker for a baby shower gift.Best wipes for my baby. Completely Pure!
Only down side is its design is not as good as other brands. so it takes little longer to clean potty. So as a solution we use other brand wipe when we need to clean potty. Rest of the time we use these water wipes.I was really unhappy with these wipes and am surprised they are reviewed so highly. I have used lots of brands of wipes on my two kids and also wet washcloths at times too. However, I found these really frustrating because they don't seem to actually pickup any of the poop, but just smear it around. That is my main complaint, but it is also really frustrating to get them out of the package without sticking together as others have mentioned as well. I definitely won't be buying them anymore.These are the best wipes we have ever used. We tried every organic wipe out there was but my daughter continued to have severe diaper rash (she was breast fed so it wasn't caused by formula, which is sometimes harsh for baby bums). Many of the orgnanic wipes use harsh ingredients and/or chemicals even though they are marketed as 'organic.' 'Organic' and 'Natural' are great marketing terms for desperate moms! We did some research online and these wipes were our best bet. It turned out they didn't bother her sensitive skin. We now have a new baby boy and the water wipes are still with us. They work the best!Too thin, don’t pull out easily from a dispenser because not a standard size. Bought these because 99% water buy going back to Pampers wipes, they are thicker and easily pull out from a dispenses unlike theseThe best wipeThese wipes are great! Be careful with the opening, if not sealed perfectly and not laying flat some fluid might leak out. Other than that, they’re perfect!!!Not pleased at all with product very thin and small. Purchased to use for and adult by her nurse. Have to use three times as many to get the job done. Would not purchase againAbsolutely love these for after my baby feeds. Wipe face, hands and table with no issues!We are using these wipes on our 4th baby because she has extremely sensitive skin. They work well, but they don’t chain together when they come out of the container, which annoys us. If anyone has a solution for this, please let me know!My daughter was getting a bumpy rash from a number of other "green" and "sensitive skin" wipes we tried. We have been using these for 2 years now, and her bum has been rash free nearly the whole time. They are a little more pricey than other wipes, but have been worth it.
I do wish they were a little less moist (sometimes there is a lot of water in the package) and that they came out more easily. Maybe someday.Our doctor recommended these for our daughter when she had a really bad rash and I love them she didn’t complain one bit or cry when we clean her up with thesePackaging is irritating and the reclosable top is tiny and won’t last until the end of use. The wipes are unnecessarily large and are thin and flimsy.These are the best wipes ever period. Yes, they are pricey but so sooo worth it. We use them for everything! The bathroom, our pets, as makeup removers, you can't beat the purity of these, we ran out once and bought another 'pure' brand and were so incredibly disappointed. Have subscribed to these on a monthly basis since!I first used this product when I was babysitting for my Great Granddaughter when I changed her diaper. I thought why can’t I use it, so I do. I also use it to wipe my dogs eyes, because she gets stuff that accumulates in them.Although these wipes are on the expensive side, I won’t purchase any other brand. These are the best. They have no scent, are made of clean ingredients, and don’t irritate my baby’s bum. We also use them to wipe dirty hands and face. Always have a pack with me at all times!Love the water wipes! Our baby has really sensitive skin and we switched over from pampers wipes after she got a bad diaper rash. We never went back. They are gentle on the skin and we use them to wipe her hands when neeeded. Only thing is that they leave behind lint. But all the benefits outweigh it.I have ordered 10 cases of these wipes, they are so gentle for babies skin, I love them!Great wipes and they are in a soft package with a sturdy, resealing flap instead of the usual soft plastic strip than never quite seals well again. Will buy then again!Best ingredients wipes available. No random ingredients just simple non irritating, great for sensitive bums! Love it always my go to item.The wipes work well, and I feel good about them being safe for my child. They do not pull the next wipe up, when placed into a dispenser. Only one pulls at a time, which is a little annoying when trying to pull multiple wipes or move quickly. They are soft and saturated with liquid. They clean well, without breakouts.Great wipes, tender on the skin and cleans well.We have tried several different brands of wipes and they all gave my poor new born baby rash because they were too harsh on his skin. The brands we tried were Huggies, Pampers, and Honest Brand. Honestly, I was a little surprised with the Honest brand giving him a rash because those are organic wipes and are supposed to be very gentle and mild. My new born was having messes, or rather little squirts, ALL THE TIME. I am not kidding, this boy was getting a diaper change every hour on average (sometimes multiple times in one hour) for the first month. Perhaps the constant wiping is what caused the irritation on his tush, but regardless, my sister suggested this thing called "Water Wipes". I saw the price and I was like "Seriously? That costs the same amount as the Costco Huggies wipes box, but only buys you ¼ of the Huggies box! But after seeing my little newborn suffer and cry every time we wiped his butt, we decided to give it a try... Annnd it worked! This is a million times more gentle- I mean it is literally water! So... I would have given this 5 stars because I love it, BUT because it is so much more costly than pretty much every other wipe brand out there (and it is 99% water so I don't know why), so I took 1 star off. Otherwise, Bravo WaterWipes!This baby wipes are amazing it has no chemicals in them make it a lot safer for your child because you're less likely to get rashes when use the scented wipes the babies are more likely to break out in rashes and then you have to put creams which are not so good . I standby list 110% since using water wipes I've never once had to use lotion on my baby and she's never had a breakout of rashes .Yes they are like 2x the price of pampers/huggies wipes, but our baby no longer has a fit when I change her. I tried the pampers out to see what all her fussing was about and those things stung like crazy. These wipes on the other hand were much nicer to use. They seem to do a better job with cleanups, so I find myself using less of these than the others.I think because they are water based, you need twice as many wipes to get a complete clean. Waste of product in my opinion. We switched from a Seventh Generation brand to this, and went right back to the old product as soon as this was used up completely....We wanted to give them a chance and maybe grow to like them but no such luck. Terrible performance.I love water wipes! They are now the only wipes my son can use. They’re 99.9% water with a drop of fruit extract. They’re more expensive than the other brands but you can’t compare these to them.I’ve tried 5 different kinds of wipes including pampers, targets up & up, Huggies, fresh wipes from target and the water wipes and the water wipes are by far my favorite. The are so nice and moist that we are really able to clean our munchkins tush best. Good size, come out easily and don’t break apart. Definitely recommend.Not only are these natural and chemical free, they are mild on skin but do a great job of cleaning stuck on poo and sticky hands to where I feel confident my baby is fully clean. Other wipes I've tried aren't nearly wet enough and I have to use way more because of it. With these being so moist I end up using fewer wipes which saves time and money. These rule.I love that these wipes are basically just water - they seem much less irritating on my baby's bum.Trusted brand it works perfect.
With 1st born we tried seventh generation then babyganics until we found this amazing product and haven't changed it in our family!!! Now with our second it was a no brainers to start with water wipes!!!

All my siblings trust this brand with their children!The lint after wiping is a little hard to get off and the wipes are little annoying to separate. But the fact that this is unscented, the wipes are thick, and my son's skin doesn't have any negative reactions, it's worth the minor issues.These are awesome and especially if you have a baby with sensitive skin.This is how baby wipes should be, free of chemicals, scents and all other stuffs that cause rashes. We were using Pampers brand then switch to Costco brand then another one and all give my son rashes. Until we ordered and started to use the water wipes. You can feel the pure water and no scents. I am glad we found this it is a life saver. I highly recommend this product to all parents.This is the only wipe that doesn’t give my son a horrendous diaper rash. Very happy with the product.I like the natural ingredients but they are so thin so I use them up too fast. They also come out one a time which makes it difficult to pull and hold on to a moving baby with a poopy butt.I love these for the minimal ingredients, but in 5 years I have never gotten a pack that will continually pull from the dispenser. They just aren't folded to do so.The only baby wipe i like! Now i using it to wipe my hands afrer using sanitizer gel, no fragrance, no chemical add-ons, great wipesThese have been our favorite wipes by far! Free of toxic chemicals, durable, don't leave residue or fibers behind, soft, and gentle. These were the only wipes I would use when baby was first born. But now we are using another natural brand only because I received them (and a ton more) as a gift. I am missing my Water Wipes! I see the difference in quality and may just put the other wipes on hold and get another box of these!It’s okay but I would not recommend because they are hard to pull out and they’re difficult to open up which makes them difficult to use.These are the BEST wipes you'll find. They are the only ones that are chemical free (check the ingredients on all the other supposedly eco/paraben free ranges). They are really large and really wet so you feel like you're actually cleaning baby rather than wiping. I will never use another wipe and have no idea why these aren't in every store (they are in other countries).These wipes are great - we started off not using wipes, just water and cotton balls or cotton pads, but that is not as convenient, especially when away from home. I love that these wipes are pure with no chemicals or fragrances added - safe for baby, safe for us too. I use them for diaper changes, for cleaning up baby's face and hands, wiping diaper cream off my own hands, etc. I buy them in bulk now so that we always have them available.Love these! Wish they were cheaper like some other brands, but they’re great for sensitive skin.This wipe has more liquid than any other wipe I've used. These are super soft yet durable. They are on the pricier side so, I only use them for travel. I would prefer a flip top package to seal in all the moisture so, pay attention when closing these so they don't dry out.I feel great about using this natural product on my baby. Much better than all the wipes with chemicals. They work well and I like them! The only thing I wish was that they were folded on each other so the next wipe would come up when you pull the one on top of it. They don't do this, which sometimes causes it to be hard to grab just one, but other than that, I love the product!I have been using water wipes for over two years now and buying them off amazon but these latest ones I got discounted during prime day literally haha to be fake. Not nearly as soft. They feel thicker and drier. Not okay since I bought three boxes!I am very satisfied with this product and keep buying them in Amazon for my little one, these wipes worked great, easy to use and cleaned up nicely. They are the best in the market. We use it every day and kids are not being exposed to any chemicals. I feel very happy when using these wipes because we no need to worry about any irritations.My little one has super sensitive skin and we ended switching to these wipes after our second diaper rash. They clean easily, don’t have a chemical smell, and I know I can use them on face and hands in a pinch if necessary and not worry about what chemicals are being eaten. They do stick together in the packaging since their isn’t lubrication chemicals, but as long as you’re aware beforehand it’s no biggie you just have to be a little more careful not to get a bunch at one time.You can’t beat this wipes !
We used them for more than 2 years and they are perfect, they never caused any issues. We used them many times a day every day.These are the only wipes I'll use on my babyThese were gentle on my baby's bottom with severe diaper rash. He screamed in pain when I used Pampers sensitive wipes, but not with these. Even if you are happy with Pampers sensitive wipes, like I was, I highly recommend to buy this product just in case your baby develops severe diaper rash.

These are also great on wiping baby's messy face or hands, or quickly cleaning toys or pacifiers, as these wipes will not leave lotion-like slippery thing on wiped surface.

The only downside of this product is its packaging. As I'm not a great fan of peel-off-the-seal-and-stick-it-back-again package - it's difficult to use, isn't it? - , I prefer tubs or pop-up bags.

These wipes will not work well with tubs, because every time I pull out one wipe, the rest of the wipes sinks down to bottom of tub, and I need to "dig in" the tub to get another one.

But, good news!
Huggies Clutches works harmoniously with this wipe. I love it!I really like how clean these wipes are. I have bought them a few times. They are hard to pull out of the package, they all stick together & usually 15 come out at a time but it's easy enough to stuff them back in. It just takes a few extra seconds. The package also doesn't re seal the best but the wipe itself is great.Cheap and thin. They pull apart separately and have no easy way to unravel the wipe. Don’t waste your money on this spend the extra $2 on pampers brand wipes.Yes it's better than the other wipes, but it's pretty much the same thing I make when I get disposable cloths (I use the Medline ULTRASOFT713 Disposable Dry Cleansing Cloths, 7" x 13") and stick them in tupper-ware and fill it with filtered water. I actually prefer the ones I make, so once I use up the Water wipe supply, I'll stop buying wipes.Have been using these for 4.5 months, since my son was newborn. They work great, they even cleaned up meconium just fine. They feel thin if you're used to other wipes, but functionally they are the same...just without all the nasty chemicals and formaldehyde smell. They do not come accordion folded together, so they won't self feed from a wipes warmer or holder.They are useless to use with a warmer as they are not attached to one another and don't come one after another !We use these wipes when my baby has a diaper rash. It seems to cause less discomfort when we have to wipe compare to other wipes. The only reason we do not use regularly is the price.Perfect. All of your bidet needs minus the bidet. Nice big and wet. Doesnt tear; doesn’t have a bunch of other chemicals I don’t want. I love it. 4 pack lasts you two monthsI really like these. I know they are for babies but I was once a baby. Anyway I keep them in the truck within arms reach. Great for everything you want to wipe up. Even your butt :)Perfect for my newborn. I tried my best to stay away from exposing my baby to harsh chemicals and these wipes were it! My son did not experience any type of irritation and I even used them to clean up his neck rolls after each feeding. I ordered these twice and they were so worth it. Now that he is 3 months old I feel comfortable buying the regular affordable wipes. They are pricey but such a life saver for those first couple of months.4 months in and my baby hasn’t had a diaper rash yet with these even though I’m not the best at being quick to change her. I love them.Perfect for baby yeast infections and severe diaper rash. I’ve been using these for my baby and she isn’t screaming bloody murder when I clean her when she has a severe diaper rash. The fact that it’s simply water helps the rash and irritation heal so mush more quickly. We will continue to buy these again and again!Im not picky witb my own stuff but for my baby? I’d prefer to see packaging that makes me confident it comes from somewhere reputable...this didnt give me that confidence.Quality productSo I like these for being so free of chemicals, but they kind if drive me nuts sticking together trying to get one out of the package. The small packaged of 60 wipes are perfect for the diaper bag, but when it is a struggle to just get one out it can be frustrating! Still giving 4 stars because besides this I really like them.We love these wipes in our house! My daughter has VERY sensitive skin. Even the hypoallergenic wipes from Pampers, Huggies, Walgreens, and 7th Generation all contributed to breakdown on her sensitive skin. These wipes are thick enough to do the job and work just as well as a Pampers Sensitive to get the job done. They are not thick and pillowy like Huggies One & Done, so don't expect that. Well worth it if your little one has sensitivity to wipes!I like water wipes a lot but they don’t come out nicely from one to the next.I love this product. There are no harsh chemicals, just water and grapefruit. The only thing that I don’t like about these are the packaging. I wish they came with a hard snap locking lid rather than just the peel sticker, also the wipes are hard to get out sometimes, and you sometimes grab awhile bunch when trying to just find the one on top. Otherwise it’s a great product if you’re looking for plain wipes that don’t have a bunch of chemicals in them.I think these are GREAT, for newborns. They are sensitive and soft and great for brand new skin with soft stool. Not so great for sticky, grainy, stuff. Once my daughter went past the newborn stage these wipes started being a little less helpful. It would take some scrubbing to get the occasional sticky stuff and what not of her. It's great for her face and wet diapers and soft stool, but sometimes soap is best.I am such a fan of these! I will never use any other wipes again. My newborn son had diaper rash that I could not get rid of. It got much better after trying all of the normal tricks it would not go completely away. I switched to these and he has been diaper rash free since! It is a huge bonus that they contain no chemicals!The perfect wipes for babies. Compared to the wipes at the hospital, these are super moist so helpful in cleaning occasional dry mess stuck to baby skin.These are the best. And now that my little has grown we still use them for personal use, spills, in the car. They are life saviorThe most amazing and simple wipes!!
My daughter has very sensitive skin and these are the only wipes that wont cause a rash!
I use them for everything though, take off my makeup, clean up the counter, wipe down the interior of my car. They are great because you don't have to worry about any soapy residue.Love these wipes! Our daughter had a reaction to a popular sensitive brand of wipes but her bottom stays happy with these! The company must have improved the wipe material because it’s much easier to pull wipes out. That was my only complaint when I first started using them but seems like the company is improving their product.tried many wipes but hands down my fav. easy to grab from package (other brands’ wipes come out 2-3 at a time like a clown pulling scarves from his sleeve). wet til the last wipe. unfussy ingredients and never irritated baby’s bum.It’s great for sensitive skin and feels like a quick wash.Water Wipes are the best! Our pediatrician recommended them years ago for our son who has very sensitive skin and eczema. These are the only wipes I’ve seen with simple ingredients but they get the job done. They contain water and grapefruit extract- that’s it! Such a simple concept but I love this product!We were looking for an item like this bc my son tends to get bad diaper rash, and we wanted something that didn't have chemicals. However these wipes are not very soft so they were not a good help for his rash.
But we still use them occasionally, and we definitely keep them in his bag and our car to help with clean up. They don't leave any kind of residue and are safe to use on most anything bc they're simply water.These wipes are very moist and great for face and wiping tushies. These wipe well but I have noticed they don't wipe as well if your babies poop is super mushy and sticky or don't get to it immediately. It just takes an extra wipe or two as they lack the ingredients(chemicals) in other wipes that break down stains. A trade off for a greener/cleaner wipes for my baby.They don't feed through my wipe warmer and that is SOOOOO disappointing!!! I had to switch to seventh generation wipes because changing diapers in the dark is no fun and these wipes didn't make it any easier. I don't want to give companies on the healthier side of baby care poor reviews and I LOVE that their ingredients are so minimalistic but they need to revamp the wipe feed process to make them functional for wipe dispensers. If you can fix that, you will have a repeat customer!! Just FYI, they dry out but I am not complaint about that because that means they are so pure. Just what your little ones deserve!I love these wipes! We have been suing them since my baby was born since they are almost completely just water. They are very wet unlike other wipes and very study. I've tried a couple of other brands when weran out but will always go back to these. No scent but they are very cold. We bought a warmer for the winter but they are fine in warmer weather. Highest recommendation possible.I have loved these wipes for over 2.5 years, they are the only ones we've ever used bc they are just water, BUT recently they have changed. The packaging and smaller sized wipe isn't the issue, but the thickness is - you can smell feces on your hand after using them to wipe your baby's bottom after a BM. That was never an issue until the last few deliveries. I hope they go back to the original thickness bc I really did prefer these.The wipes are great but the package is too fragile. My 9 month old baby easily tears the packs which then leak all over the bag.I really like the fact that these wipes have no chemicals and are just made with water and fruit juice. We already have enough chemicals in our lives. However I only gave 4 stars because the size of each wipe is not consistent. Some are smaller than others. Also, they are super hard to peel apart on the package. But my priority is no chemicals so it is worth it to me.Wow what a great value! My son has sensitive skin and got a pretty bad yeast infection/diaper rash. Our pediatrician recommended that we rinse the wipes we had in water (I.e. Pampers) to eliminate the residue and fragrances that might be too abrasive for his skin. But when I found these water only wipes it was perfect. Much gentler on my baby's skin. The value pack is an enormous size and well worth the price.These were our go to for wipes, but they have since added a toxic ingredient and did it in s sneaky way. I will not be buying these anymore. I think they lost a lot of customers over this!I buy these regularly. They are great, and the new packaging makes them much easier to get just one out at a time. They also don’t fall apart in the washing machine if one accidentally makes it in. I just wish they were cheaper - they lose a star because of price.Why would you use any other wipes?! These are the best. I love that there’s no harsh ingredients. We used babyganics first but my baby kept getting diaper rash. She has not had a rash since using WaterWipes.First time buying and using these wipes. I bought them because they have no sent and great for sensitive skin. And they are just that! I really like them. Will buy againThese are the best for baby's sensitive skin. You really notice the difference when you run out and have to use others. They are gentle and never cause irritation on our baby. Like all wipes, even the ones that say you can flush them, don't. it's bad for your municipal water system or your septic.These are the only wipes we use and we love them. One thing we do is keep the unopened wipes stored upside down so the moisture will last longer on the very top wipes as it is more moist on the very bottom end. I even tried them on myself and was surprised how moist they were and how few wipes were needed to be used. I also like that they have probably the least amount of ingredients, mostly water! Also, this large pack usually lasts us about 2-3 months.These are unscented 99% water wipes. Perfect for sick room and to clean up after tube feeding. No perfumes or added chemicals.These are my favorite wipes. I am now on my second 12-pack box and will continue to buy these while my baby is in diapers.

Pros:
--High quality--big, soft, never tear
--Good ingredients--no chemicals or scents
--Very moist--easy to clean without rubbing
--Convenient--easier than making my own
--No residue

Cons:
--Package could be easier to open.
--Sometimes closure starts to fail before I use the whole pack.
--$$ I wish these were as cheap as the Kirkland ones, but I think they're superior enough to warrant paying more.

UPDATE: WaterWipes/Amazon has reduced the size of the wipes (7.7" by 6.9" down to now 6.4" by 7.3") without changing the price or notifying subscribers. This means they are more expensive since I have to use more wipes to do the same job. This is both frustrating and unethical.I love these because the are so moist and gentle on the skin. The only area for improvement is you can't just take one out a time. It usually comes in two at once. Also you must use each package within the month it is opened. Using it past the expiration could make it form mold and is not supposed to be used that way.I've used these on my baby since she was born. She doesn't have problems and if she gets a teething rash, they're easy on her bum. I also love how I can leave the package open until it runs out (we go through a pack a week) and they stay moist. We tried a heating wipe container, but it would dry it out. It's great on it's own.This is the only baby wipe that doesn't give my baby a butt rash. All other said "natural" ones contain other chemicals that will cause diaper rash. This is the only baby wipe that actually wont give any diaper rashAs I have never used these wipes before, I wanted to test these on myself first. I used one on my face as it is the most sensitive part of my body.
Pros. The wipes are large and durable. No sent and are said to be “Allergy Friendly”. I would also say they are ecofriendly.
Cons. For water wipes they are not moist and they are not as soft as I would have liked. Over all I would say 3 ¾ starsI'm blessed with daughter with the most sensitive pale skin. She has had many rashes and the nurse recommended we use wet washcloths during diaper changes, but baby is in daycare so these were the next best thing. So pure and wonderful that I sometimes give the baby one to chew on.WaterWipes are the only wipes we use on our two children. The only additional ingredient besides water is grapefruit seed extract. Our son is 21 months and has never had a bad diaper rash. We now have a 7 week old and won't use anything besides WaterWipes. Delivery through Amazon has always been great since this quantity can be quite heavy to lug home from the store and up a few flights of stairs.These wipes are great. Love the minimal ingredients and They always stay wet in the package. Only complaint is the opening on the package, other brands they kind of pull out easier like tissues from a tissue box, these you need to work to get them out and as our girl now hates diaper changes we need to pull them out of the package in advance to be ready.These are the best wipes and the only ones I will use on my kids. Love that they have no added chemicals, scents, dyes etc.Why aren't all wipes on the market like waterwipes?! These wipes are strong, stay moist, and most importantly just have water in them. I feel they are safe for cleaning the most vulnerable of places on my baby such as the peri area or face. In response to the bad reviews written about these, I find the size of the wipe pretty standard and adequate for my needs; and I have torn the package when opening them so be careful not to pull too hard. That being said, they are still absolutely worth the extra cost. Truly a great product!!! A must have.Water wipes have been the best thing our babies sensitive toosh. Decided to buy the bulk size from Amazon and received 720 wipes that expired in the next month. Not sure what benefit that would be, because there is no way I can use that many wipes in less than 3 weeks. Bottom line (no pun intended): great wipes, but don't buy from Amazon.Wasn't overly wet but just wet enoughFantastic wipes! I ordered in November 2019, and the packaging included all of the certifications from the eczema association and Allergy UK. They are full of moisture and clean my little one easier than Pamper’s Pure. Every package has been easy to reseal to maintain moisture. I don’t typically post product reviews, but noticed that other received faulty packaging. My experience was great. I just reordered them. Will update review if anything is awry with my second order.Love using water wipes for my baby. They are gentle and durable. My only complaint is they are a pain in the @$$ to take out of the packet and some times are a bit too wet. I end up having to wring the out a little bit. Other than than, they are pretty awesomeI like these wipes because they are 99% water - no chemicals! I’m not sure which buyer other customers were getting their wipes from but I can attest that if you order from the seller Amazon.com you get the legit wipes with no extra chemicals! Will buy again!Only wipes I use! I can't imagine using any other brand. Yes they are expensive, and yes they CAN get moldy (no preservatives), but what is the alternative? Using wipes on my toddler's skin that are full of chemicals and additives? No thank you! And their customer service is EXCEPTIONAL! In two years I came across one pack that was moldy... they sent me four in its place!works very well on my son who has very sensitive skin.. definitely recommend!I have used two of the nine packs that came in the box, but the wipes are not as moist and wet, so I end up having to wipe my baby's bottom harder. I also agree with others that the texture of the wipes has changed for the worse. This was definitely at the top of my list when I used a sample pack, but I may have to go back to Pampers sensitive wipes.Only wipe my daughter won’t get a rash with. Expensive but worth it.THESE ARE THE BEST WIPES! Worth the money! My daughter has sensitive skin. We have tried several different types of "sensitive" wipes but they all give her a rash. These wipes stay moist and do not break out her skin. I will continue to buy as long as she need wipes! Perfect for newborn sensitive skin too.I love this product but the price is a bit too high.Love these wipes! Tons of moisture and great for sensitive skin!No irritan la pielGoodMy baby had a very bad diaper rash and I went through all different types of wipes including Babyganics and every time i touched her with one of them she screamed . I was looking on Amazon for something different and that is when I found these Water wipes. The first time I used them on her I saw the difference immediately because she didn't flinch when they touched her skin . 5 days later and her diaper rash is all but gone. If you are a parent and your baby has diaper rash or a sensitivity to other wipes trust a new father and try these , they work great .These are the best wipes I’ve ever used. I researched which were the cleanest wipes when my daughter was born 4 years ago and this one was it. Since using these and having tried others, I felt these were the closest to actually washing a baby.These wipes are AMAZING. I love that they are only water and grapefruit extract. No scent and no harsh chemicals. My infant is a month old and I have yet to see any redness on his bottom. These wipes are super moist right out of the package and I havent had any complaints with the quality or thickness of said wipes. I love them and will reorderWe love these for our baby (now toddler). She has sensitive skin and these have no smell unlike allot of other brands sensitive wipes we have tried. They aren’t dried out like some others as well.4 week old’s butt became super inflamed after switching to this wipe from pampers sensitive… now I’m stuck with these expensive wipes and dealing with a really bad diaper rash to boot.This is the only wipe out there that is pure That I feel safe wiping my daughters face and her little bum!
Honestly, it's not as soft as other wipes nor has the cleaning power like the wipes with bunch of chemicals... But! It still does an awesome job cleaning and most of all, it's nothing but water And tiny bit of grapefruit seed extracts. I highly recommend! Especially if your baby's skin is on the sensitive sideLove these wipes! They’re super helpful during this pandemic to have a big pack or just to buy in bulk. No strong smells and you only need a few when wiping!Love these wipes!! I get a box every other month, I store them inside. I have NEVER had an issue with finding mold. I use a wipe holder so I cut open each pack to load it. I also carry them in my diaper bag. My baby has never had a diaper rash and I attribute that to these chemical free wipes and always making sure her bum is dry before re diapering.Best wipes for a newborn with sensitive skin. No redness. The material is great and durable. The only negative is the price.Our favorite wipes, hands down.Recommended by dermatologist. Does not cause a rash, but they are NOT flushable.Perfect for our baby's bottom. The only draw back is the wipes are very saturated and if you leave one on a couch or furniture it will leave a big wet spot. I guess that's a good thing though? It's not really a defect but just an annoyance I guess when I'm sitting on our couch and feeding our kid with the wipe on standby.These wipes are not just for babies. They are good for anyone who would like a soft moist wipe for other problems. All ages would benefit from these.Other wipes are too drying. These are perfect. Pampers pure wipes are good too, but I prefer using these a bit more.Won't buy any other wipes. Will continue to use these in the car for children's faces, hands, ext.

They are the perfect moistness. I can change a diaper with just one wipe usually! Very strong wipes.Best wipes, hands down, for babies with sensitive skin or diaper rash. This is the only wipe I could use on my baby for her diaper rash that didn’t send her screaming and crying. She never even made a sound during diaper changes.I love these water wipes! They are no nonsense and pure. They are strong and can handle many messes. I use them for everything and like that they don't have chemicals in them. I certainly feel good about using these on my baby's bottom. She has never had diaper rash and I feel strongly that using these has something to do with that!These are the only diapers I use on my babies!These seem to be getting smaller evertume I get a new box. As soon as my twins begin solids, I'll be switching to Costco wipes. These do not wipe good with bigger poopy diapers. I know because I have used them with my two year old for only one year and then began with Costco brand to get full coverage of his bum.I have never had a mould issue with water wipes but would not recommend leaving an open pack lying around for too long or even storing a closed pack for too long, as these do not contain chemical preservatives.

The packaging seems to have changed, but these wipes remain my go-to for diaper changes. They are very soft, durable and thick enough for wiping up gross liquid poopy without worrying too much about leakage. 1-3 wipes will handle even some of the worst blow-outs. They do not really smell of anything and do not leave a residue on the skin like other wipes do. We use these for everything from diaper changes to wiping down toys and dirty faces. We switched to Water Wipes from Pampers Sensitive after the baby developed a nasty diaper rash that would not go away at about 1 month old. 10 months later, she has been largely rash free, which I contribute to both water wipes and  Earth Mama Angel Baby Bottom Balm, Natural Diaper Cream, Made with Organic Calendula to Soothe and Moisturize Sensitive Skin, Vegan and Safe for Cloth Diapers 2 fl. oz. .

A hint on the price, as these wipes can be expensive - Amazon generally carries the best deal where we live, at $30 for a 9 pack, which comes to roughly $3.33 a pack. Occasionally however the 12 pack will be listed for $30, which is the best deal I've ever found. Duane Reade (Walgreens) also currently has them for $2.59 a pack if you use your member card.I don't get the hype, they're ok. Major letdown was they do not dispense so cannot use them in the warmer!! What kind of BS is that?! Didn't realize until I opened a pack so now not returnable. Now we have a massive box to go thru with a newborn that we have to hand separate each one out of the inside of the warmer. Boo.These are our favorite wipes. I love that it's just water so when my son puts a clean one in his mouth I don't have to worry. I actually think it helps a little with teething. These are great, no diaper rash issues when we use them. They're also perfect for a day at Disney and it's so hot you need to give them a baby wipe bath. No stink or stickiness, he feels clean afterwards.Absolutley fabulous as usual. So glad we made the switch from all those 'clean' brands (honest, seventh generation, etc.) to just Water Wipes. I've been pretty much only using these for... about four years now, two babies and I love them. :)We loooove these. Very mellow scent. Thick enough. We use for everything since it's 99% water. We feel good wiping the baby's face and hands with no chemicals.These are fantastic! My baby has very sensitive skin but this brand is just like water, no allergies and no scent. I even use these as washcloths with her soap nowThey are thin but do the job. I love how they have no harmful ingredients like some other wipe brands and they are very affordable.These are the only wipes we use for our girls. Very clean and no smell, great for all usesThese are my favorite wipes. They are more expensive and you get less than Costco brand but I use much less bc of how wet they are. They clean up better. You don’t have to rub skin to get clean. No irritation.My daughter had diaper rash every day since day she was born. Used Desitin then Triple Paste which helped but rash wouldn't completely go away. Tried these after reading about them online. Rash completely gone within a couple days and no more rash cream necessary. The only downside is you can't put them in a wipe warmer.Keep your money and use water. The product does not even pull from the container properly. Poorly made, poor ingredients, or shall I say, use your own Tap Water!Only complaint is these are hard to use in a wipe warmer as when you pull a wipe up through the opening they don't continue-you can only pull up one at a time and then have to open it to grab another one. (I.e. The pack of wipes doesn't work like a Kleenex box if that makes sense) other than that- great product!These wipes are the best, so natural and gentle. They are the only wipes that do not irritate my daughters skinThese wipes are amazing and so sensitive. The only downfall with these wipes are they tend to leak water out of the package but just put a zip lock around the package and you're good. So worth it for the kids who have super sensitive skin. We tried nearly every brand wipes for my daughter and they just were not sensitive enough! These were the best!Work well for our baby. She doesnt have an irritation as she did to some other wipes. They dont smell weird. Only downside is they dont fit in most baby wipe containers well as they are smaller and sometimes stick together when pulling them out. But worth it I think.These wipes are great and stay really moist. The frustrating part of this is that they aren't resealable in the baggies that come in, and they also aren't all attached so putting them in a container is a little difficult to separate them. Other than that, they don't tear easily and they haven't given my son a rash or anything. They also stay moist longer than Huggies wipes which I was really shocked about.Got these during the whole “Corona” outbreak... there was no TP or regular baby wipes left... they are actually not that bad? They don’t smell like anything...Get these. Don't hesitate or buy another product. I ran out of these and had to use my other wipes given to me via gift. (Huggies I believe) they irritated my daughters bum immediately. These never get her. Amazing and they work well. You are safe and better off paying for comfort. They are a good size and wetness is great. I'm a monthly subscriber:)These wipes have no scent and work perfectly for things like removing makeup, bathroom cleanup and also good for personal
Hygiene.Love these wipes. They are very cold. My baby is breastfeed and these clean up the soiled diapers great.I don't trust anything else on my baby's butt (or my face) than these! I was always worried about all the chemicals in face wipes. These take my makeup off so easily and keep my baby's butt rash free!These wipes are amazing! They don't cause rashes for babies with sensitive skin. They are really moist and clean up messy BMs really well. They are more expensive, but you will use less. They work great in wipe warmers too. The only wipes I use on my little guy.I used to love Waterwipes. I used them exclusively since my daughter was born and she is now 13 months. However, with the last batch I noticed her bum was constantly red/irritated and this happened to coincide with the new packaging. Since then I’ve switched over to Amazon’s sensitive wipes and they’re actually really good!This is the ONLY thing I have found that has significantly helped my baby's bum rash. She would get it as soon as the last one cleared but after switching from Pampers to Huggies and using the Water Wipes, I can safely say that her rashes are far and few!I got these because we use baby wipes for everything and I got nervous about all the ingredients. I'm so happy these exist! My only complaint is that they don't wipe as easily as normal ones, so it takes me a bit longer and an extra wipe with diaper changes. I'm sure I'll get the hang of it though.Amaba estas toallitas! Las he usado los 15 meses desde que mi bebe nació, no se qué pasó ahora! Cambiaron algo… Encontré moho y mi hija tiene una reacción en la piel bastante extraña.
No volveré a comprar más este producto.I like the limited ingredients in these wipes. I feel safe using them anywhere on my infant's body (or my own). I'll use them to wipe down her hands and face, or clean a fork. Whatever is around can be wiped down. The price isn't too shabby, but it does seem strange for a box of... water and tissue.

The size and texture of the wipes aren't great for the serious duty of doodies. Sometimes, poop dries, y'all. Or, it spreads like you sat on a tomato. So I want a wipe with texture that can handle dried breastmilk poops (which should be easy), and big enough to cover a large spill. I mean, my kiddo's butt is only going to get bigger. These wipes sometimes just don't, so I use three or more to get the one diaper change done. I'm lucky if I use two (and this is only if I open up the wipes after pulling them out, which is not what my brain wants to focus on at 4am).

We use these by ripping open the packaging (which isn't as easy as some reviewers seem to have experienced), and putting them in a Hiccapop warmer or portable, sealable wipe holder in our diaper bag. This is easy to do, and we add a little water with lavender drops to the Hiccapop and the portable wipes holder.

But, these wipes are *not* continuous. They do *not* dispense like Kleenex. Every wipe you pull is like the first wipe, which my partner finds very annoying. And it is annoying, because sometimes you pull one wipe if you're careful, sometimes you've pulled four. These details are important when you're baby is wailing like a maniac, piercing your skull.

None of this has been a deal breaker for us, but I may order different wipes with limited ingredients to see if there is a better product with similar price point.These wipes are the absolute best. The only ingredients are an extreme amount of water and a tiny percentage of raw fruit extract. I love them. They’re more expensive but you use 1 wipe for a 3-5 wipe job. Also they remove stains (marker on walls last week). These are worth it. Just wait.These are the best natural wipes. No rashes for my baby. No synthetic ingredients or harmful fragrances. I love them!!Read the ingredients description - so healthy. And they work wonderfully.Baby wipes made a great gift item for an expecting mommy in need.Best wipes out thereThese wipes are so soft! I'm want only the best for my babies so I buy water wipes most of the time. I like that they're not rough and they're unscented. I always gravitate towards "pure" products, and I love these!I couldn't accept their new version at all. I didn't want to give them a single star.BEST WIPES EVER. I love these, they are soft think and no weird smell like the other organic wipes. No chemicals, noting to irritate babies skin. You can use them on faces and hands too. I can't say enough about how much I like these. Worth the price, especially if you put them on prime reorderI was using seventh gen but they were out of stock so tried these and loved them. They cut down my girls diaper rash and they are not spendy.Love these baby wipes. They are great for sensitive skinPros:
99.9% water
Neutral odor
Thick, but soft

Cons:
I don't love the design of the packaging. When you try to grab one wipe, you end up with 7. Then you have to stuff them back into the bag/box thing. Sometimes I'm lazy and just use a thick stack of wipes to wipe my newborn's balloon knot, which is a waste of wipe, and therefore a waste of money.If you have a sensitive skin baby then you need to purchase these! They're so much better than any of the pampers or huggies sensitive wipes!

The pampers and huggies even though labeled sensitive would cause our little ones (twins) to break out in rashes. Once we switched to the water wipes, the rashes no longer came back.

Until we found the water wipes, because I refused to keep using the other brands that caused rashes, my husband and I would put paper towels in a baggie with distilled water and use those. These water wipes are so much more convenient!! :)I love these. The wipes are great for travel, day at the beach or park, or just to have in the car. Love no scent & no chemical.Love them! My sister-in-law introduces me to this wipes when my baby girl had a really bad rash and now it’s been a few months and she has not had any more rashes .Best baby wipes everThese are the only wipes I like yo use with my two kids. Rarely get diaper rashes and I don't have slimey feeling hands after I use them like I do when using other wipes. I do wish that they dispensed like other wipes though because it is kind of a hassle to pull out an individual wipe every time and I can't use a regular wipe holder for them.Love these wipes. This is all I have been able to use on my son since he was a newborn. Love the new lid. You can rarely find them in the store to buy in bulk. So it's nice to by them by the box.Just received Water Wipes today 3/20/20 and the product expiration is Oct 2018. This expiration date was clearly printed on the outside of the box. They expired a year and 5 months ago.There is a statement on the side of the wipes stating ‘Best used before end of expiration’. How can these long expired wipe be sold at full price???????? They are expensive!!!!!!!The wipes are great on the baby’s skin.
The packaging needs improvement.
Doesn’t close properly, difficult to pull out wipes sometimes.I don’t like the package it makes a difference when opening and closing.These are the only wipes, even compared with other brands sensitive skin wipes, that do not hurt my daughter. They work great too.Best baby wipes out there. Thick so I don’t need to use as many for a hefty clean up job. No scent and great in sensitive skin. Only downside is these are pretty expensive compared to other wipes.If you are dealing with chronic super rash, look no further. Our pedi recommended that we use water only for cleaning baby's bum, but at daycare, that is not an option. I saw these at Target and decided to try a pack. Amazing! No smell, and diaper rash went away pretty much overnight. No scent, no weird film. Wipes are very thick (think huggies one-and-done), durable, and get the job done.Great wipes- super damp so makes cleaning easy. Works well on wiping off face as well. Just be careful if you use them in a wipe warmer- they get hot.My daughter has been using these for a year with our grandson. They get the job done without any irritation. Each cloth is thick enough to not break through. We all feel good knowing the baby is not being exposed to unnecessary chemicals. I also recently bought WaterWipes as part of a baby shower gift and the mother was thrilled.No scent , all natural I’m very sensitive I love that theirs no chemicals ....
I also use them for my face and my grand baby with no irritation ♥️I love this water wipes am using this since by son was a newborn now he is 8 months old, wipes is very soft and smells soo good perfect for his delicate skin.Love these! Just wish they can do something about easier dispensing. Hard to grab them sometimes and they stick together.FAVORITE wipes right here! We were introduced to these while in the NICU. They are extra moist and don't have all the crap in them. I noticed that they get everything off right away, while other brands tend to ball it up in little balls taking more wipes to get the job done. I wish they were less expensive, but totally worth it.We love these wipes. We have been using them with our daughter since she was a premie (6 week’s early!). The one downfall is as we use up each pack it can be hard to pull out a wipe using one hand. It would be nice if they offered a reusable dispenser to go along with it.See throughDaughter in law and grandkids daycare love theseVery gentle and still work great. Because they are mostly water, I don’t mind using them on his face if needed.

My only complaint is that they don’t pull out consecutively very well. After you pull one out, feels like you have to dig/pinch the next one out.Always happy with water wipes. They’re extremely soft to touch, actually safe with ingredients compared to other wipes and 1 wipe “stretches” and cleans a large area. We don’t use any other brand!We use these with their first child and we really liked them they're our favorite. we are now going to use these with our second. They seem to be thicker than other wipes and I like that they don't have a lot of stuff in them or smell baby powderish. I don't like the smell of baby wipes and general so these are great!I like these wipes, but they are hard to get out of the package. This sounds like a little thing, but getting the wipes out quickly in a pinch is important.I use these for microblading to wipe since they are fragrant free and mostly water and they do the job perfect for meI love that this product is not laden with chemicals, but I neglected to find out what the wipes were made of. Seems to be a type of plant fiber that slides right across the skin. I find that it doesn't do the wiping job that I want simply because it has this sliding feature. :/ This also causes me to use 2-3x more wipes for a job than a typically would. Lesson learned.Great wipes, however, the closer you get to the end of the package, make sure you dry your LO’s bum, they are VERY wet, I ring them out before using them. They are however great on my little guys sensitive skin, wish they had a different closure method though, the first doesn’t stick as well after multiple opens and closes.These wipes have been great for us!
-Wipe is well constructed doesn't break apart during use.
-No skin reactions on my son, who reacts to other "natural" brands (Babyganics, 7th Generation, The Honest Company).
-Haven't had any issue with wipes drying out in their original packaging.
-Cloth doesn't have added texture to it.I have been buying water wipes since three years ago. And still I m buying them.tengo un bebe que tiene la piel muy sensible y con estas toallas húmedas son perfectas para evitar rozaduras y no traen fragancias. maravillosas!! definitivamente las volvería a comprar!!!We LOVE water wipes! The quality of these wipes is amazing. They are SOOOO soft and perfect for sensitive newborn skin.They are bigger than other wipes I've used and thicker as well. One of these wipes will go a lot further than other ones. I was really surprised to see how stretchy they are. You can literally pull them and they won't rip. Another brand of wipes we've tried in the past rips and tears just trying to take it out of the package. The only suggestion I have for Water Wipes is to improve the packaging functionality. The design looks nice but the opening is a bit tricky to pull the wipes out of, especially with one hand while you're trying to change the baby. I always end up having to stuff a few back into the package. Overall, I really like them and recommend them. I love how soft they are and knowing they do not contain any chemicals at all makes me feel great about choosing Water Wipes for my newborn.I love these and have been using these since my baby was born. He has never had and kind of rash, and I use them to wipe his face/body as well as diaper area. In my opinion this is way better to use on a baby for at least the first 3 months…. I am still using them at 8 months. they are not as wet as typical baby wipe, but they clean well. they never leave any fibers behind either. I definitely recommend.It's a good product but the packaging for the wipes is not very good. Its hard to seal the opening as it has only a small plastic strip (almost like a band aid size.) Too bad they don't include a hard plastic refill container to put these wipes in like they do for some other brands.Love these wipes since they are mainly water and don’t have all the chemicals added. I just wish they were a thicker material like the Seventh Generation Wipes. I’ll continue to buy these though because they don’t irritate my baby’s skin and I feel much better knowing I’m not wiping chemicals on her!Fake product. Contains chloride. Causing baby skin irritation.I liked that they were nice and wet. Makes clean up easier for messes. Baby didn't mind them if he had a rash. A little hard to open up the wipe single handed though.My baby was constantly breaking out from pampers wipes. Switched over to these and she’s been good ever sinceThese are the only wipes I will us on my baby. When my baby was first born we used the pampers pure wipes but they were irritating him. We switched to these and have never had an issue since.I’ve used these for years. The two boxes I most recently purchased have different packaging, smell different, are more coarse feeling, and more dry.I can't tell you how much I love these wipes! I have tried all the brands of baby wipes and finally settled for this. These wipes are really good at removing oil, grime, dirt and just about anything else. Not just baby wipes, I've used them for other purposes all the time like wiping my cellphone screen, cleaning the whiteboard, rubbing off markers and paints from just anywhere. They clean well and smell really great - like water. I never knew water can smell so clean and pure. I love using them because I know they are just soaked in water and grapeseed extract, and nothing else. No chemicals or fragrances. Even if it costs more, it is so worth it. I must mention that they last a long time too. Each pack can last me months without drying up. Since it has become my favorite brand of wipes, I keep a pack with me everywhere I go. Bottom line: Get it!Love these wipes. Have used many different brands, but this is the best on my baby's skin. Never had any diaper rash with these.

My only complaint is they are hard to remove from the package and tend to clump together to so you get the 2 or 3 coming out at one time syndrome.

Overall, I think they are worth the extra cost over cheaper brands.I absolutely love water wipes! I was looking for a more natural brand of wipes for my baby's sensitive skin. We have been using these around 6 months now with no issues! One time I ran out, and had to settle for another brand "sensitive" wipes until I could get these, and my baby had a diaper rash. He screamed as soon as the other so-called "sensitive" wipes touched his bottom. He has never screamed with these. These are natural and do not bother him at all. They are a bit pricey, but worth it!!!I subscribe to these wipes on amazon for a reason. They’re the best and for the best price. The same box at Target is easily ten dollars more. I’ve used other wipes for baby bum and regret it...these clean up messes 100% better than any other wipe and are SO gentle.Clean our daughter messy hands and face.I typically purchase Aqua Pure by Pampers; however, would purchase these if the price were a bit lower. Both are more expensive; however, it's worth the money spent. Always happy with the purchase.Our pediatrician recommended using these wipes to help keep my daughter's diaper rash at bay. We have tried periodically using other wipes but these are by far the best! No more diaper rash and that is worth every penny these costs. Knowing what is going on my daughter's sensitive skin is very important. And keeping her healthy is TOP priority.Does what it's supposed to doI wanted something gentle especially when my baby is brand new! No complaints! Works great and is gentle on his skin!we love using this product and we are very happy with our monthly subscription.Best wipes I ever found. When my son developed a rash i wasn't sure what to use on him. He normally uses sensitive pampers wipes which are great but leave a lot of moister behind. These wipes are perfect. The best money i ever spent in his little bum. It has the perfect amount of wetness to clean up and doesn't leave anything behind for irritation.I have used Water Wipes for both of my children. My youngest is 2 mon and big sister is 2. They are ideal for both. The wipes are so gentle and clean effectively. I love that I am not using harsh ingredients on their sensitive skin.We switched to these when my newborn developed a rash (from several different popular brands). Rash subsided in two days after the switch. They stay wet and don’t burn or irritate.Love the wipesI never heard of this brand before and I’ve tried a few different brands. Baby cried with the other brands but for this brand, Baby was pleasantly calm when wiping. It’s fairly soft feeling.We have had no issues with these wipes. While they are more expensive than the other wipes we've tried, they don't irritate her skin, they don't fall apart, and they don't have any fragrances. We will continue to use these!These wipes are water. We have been using it for over a year now and we love it. Our kid has never had any skin issues with these wipes.Love these baby wipes. These are the only wipes that could safely be used on the baby’s face as well as the rest of the bodyI'm not a big natural, organic, tree hugging whatever. But my baby's butt doesn't need anything but water, plus these can be used for cleaning her hands, feet, eye gunk etc. Their multi-usability is the biggest reason I'm willing to spend a little more for these than other cheap wipes that smell like rainbows & pixies.Love the ingredients but I can't ever pull just one out, at least not one handed. They also don't clean as well as Honest brand since they're not textured. I feel good about these because my baby loves to put them in his mouth (clean ones of course!), but honest brand work better overall. I usually end up using honest for diapers and water wipes for hands and face at mealtimes.My little one gets rashes really easy and these wipes are the most gentle i have found. They are not completely pain free, anything touching his skin with active rash is painful, but these are very mild. I have had no problem with them drying out. On the contrary, almost too much water. Sometimes have to squeeze out excess water if we go through the pack too quickly.Literally the only wipes I will touch my sons body with. Free from all harmful chemicals and fragrances, these wipes only have two ingredients: water and grapefruit extract. Any other wipes will give my son a diaper rash. When it comes down to it there is no reason to put any other chemicals on our children's bodies.We’ve tried so many sensitive and natural wipes and these are the only ones that don’t irritate our baby’s bottom! Our baby’s butt is very happy when we use these wipes. These wipes are also made from natural ingredients (99.9% water and 0.1% grapefruit extract). The only downside is they are very wetI like these wipes a lot, very versatile. I have used them to remove makeup or even clean LO's face with no problem. My only issue is that they tend to stick together and are not easy to pull out of the packaging, sometimes they would slide out easily, sometimes you would have to take out a bunch and then separate them and stuff the rest back in.Best wipes out there. We discovered these with our second born and won’t switch to anything else. Our daycare provider commented on how thick and moist they stay. I wasn’t crazy about the closure at first but in the end the wipe matters most.Excellent wipes for all the spills you and your kids create. Excellent for use in the bathroom. Do not flush them down the toilet.These are key when our child has a bad case of diaper rash. Where he screams and squirms away from brands of sensitive wipes, he doesn't react at all when these are used. We keep them on hand for those times. Company suggests keeping wipes in the original packaging, which concerned me at first, but they keep their water content just fine.Baby is allergic to them. Got 2 cases and returned the UNOPENED box.Love these wipes! My little guy loves putting wipes in his mouth while I change him. It must feel good on his teething gums. I love that these are strictly water and grapeseed oil. they clean better than most wipes and unlike other posts I read they are very wet. I sometimes get splashed while removing from package. One of my favorite baby purchases. No toxic chemicals and extremely effective.We previously switched to the kirkland diapers and pampers sensitive wipes. The combination gave my baby a bad diaper rash that took a long time to go away even with diaper cream. The water wipes allowed my sons sensitive skin to heal from the rash. Afterwards, we were able to return to the Kirkland wipes with no issues.Doesn’t make my baby break out so I absolutely love theseI love water wipes for newborns because they are easy on sensitive skin. My babies have never had a rash with these.Best baby wipes I’ve tried. Pricey but worth it for us.I love the fact that these don't have any unnecessary chemicals and we did not have any problems with them. Use them all the time, baby bottom looks good, no rashes or irritation.I looooooove these. My babies rash stopped immediately and bever came back since I have used these. Maybe look for expiration date if you have issues with mold. I always think that anything free of chemicals should go bad or show signs of aging. It's the chemicals and preserves that allow products to sit on shelfs for months and years.
Terrible!
Love these wipes will never use another brand.These are the best wipes! They are thick, don't leave a residue, and perfect for sensitive skin. Gentle for little faces too.I love that these wipes are free from weird chemicals. They are pretty moist and they do a fine job cleaning baby's cute bottom. My only dislike is that they do not come out of the package accordion-style. Often two come out when I just want one. It can also be hard to find the end of the wipe to pull through. I love that these are chemical-free, like I said, but the amount of time I spend finagling the dumb wipes out of the package is pretty annoying, so I've been considering switching to the green versions of popular brands even though they have chemicals.My daughter has very sensitive skin and excema. At a young age I tried every wipe that said for sensitive skin and she always screamed and cried until we found these wipes. These are the only wipes we can use on her and they are great. Wouldn’t buy anything else. Plus they always stay very wet and never dry out.I did a ton of research on baby wipes because I did not want to expose my baby to all sorts of unnecessary chemicals so frequently throughout the day. These are great, basically just water with a touch of fruit extract. They barely have any scent, in fact I don't detect any. Just close the pack tightly and use within 4 weeks as instructed on the package you should not have any issues with mold.I researched quite a bit to find a safe wipe brand for my new daughter. In the end, these have been the best, not only in terms of ingredients, but ease of use. The other non-toxic brand we tried was good in terms of ingredients, but they were too thick to get in my daughter's little creases. I highly recommend waterwipes.Been using these wipes ever since my baby girl had the WORST diaper rash I've ever seen. Even Pampers Sensitive wipes seemed to irritate her poor little butt. I tried these, and haven't had a major rash since. They're a bit expensive, but I'm ok with it if it means my daughter's butt stays happy.These are great! No chemicals, no irritation, good size, worth the money.These are great!! Exactly what I was looking for to wipe my baby's sensitive bottom. My husband and I were using warm water on wash clothes for a while, which created a lot of laundry, but was the only way to avoid diaper rash on our little one's sensitive skin. These wipes are perfect and have been working great. In combination with a little ointment, she hasn't had diaper rash since!My favorite wipes just wish they were a little cheaperBest wipes ever! We love these wipes and recommend them to all of our new mommy/baby friends. My little one is now 20 months and we have been using these since she was born. I did a lot of research as to the most natural and clean wipes and these came in the top for me. We love them.Do not buy! Unfortunately my daughter threw away the box or I would definitely return this junk. We had to go buy more from Target. These are going in the 🗑. I will not buy these for Amazon again. Total waste of money.These are great in that they don't dry out and have plenty of water for wiping big messes. Tried almost all of the baby wipes at Target and these are definitely the easiest for use although slightly smaller than the Kirkland brand. Wish they would make wipes a tad bigger.These are the best when you need to be concerned about sensitive skin. No red face after clean up with these. And if a diaper rash occurs, these come in handy to help with that tooThese are very wet and great for keeping in my wipe warmer. They don’t dry out like some others. Softer and more gentle than other brands. We were previously using other wipes that were known for being natural but they were giving my daughter a diaper rash. These helped clear it upThese became essential to us as our newborn has sensitive skin. Love that we can subscribe and save to them as well and have them delivered. I do wish they would improve the way the wipes come out. Sometimes it's hard to grab ahold of them. We have them in a wipes warmer.The best wipes you can buy for baby’s booty (or yours, for that matter). No, they aren’t cheap, but they are worth it, especially for sensitive skin. No added chemicals means less or no diaper rash!These are Awesome my baby y has super sensitive skin an got rashes from other wipes an so when my doctor said to just use water to clean baby's butt with a cotton ball I Had to go on a hunt for a better wipe cause who wants to clean with a cotton swab lol , luckily I Google water wipes an this magical package popped up an we have been using them ever since :)Fantastic to keep everywhere, while trying to keep hands cleaned during this coronavirus!!!! They are large and strong!!!they are wet no smell which I like serves its purpose. Sensitive for Newborn Skin, 9 Packs 540 Wipes love this.good for sensitive babies, not good for caregivers trying to get wipes out without struggling. not helpful. i won't be buying again since you have to fight to get one out. they appear overlapped but they do not come up that way. disappointed.Great wipes. I purchase these for my dogs, and they work fantastic. I really like that they are limited ingredient to prevent allergies/irritation.I love everything about these wipes except that they aren't layered to pull the next wipe out when you pull a wipe out. So each time you pull a wipe out it's like pulling the first wipe out and it's really hard to only pull one out.Love these. Have tried several brands. No diaper rash issues and I have a baby with sensitive skin. Can also use as face wipes. Bought the 720 count and have never had issues with mold. They stay moist/wet. Have told several friends and family about these.I honestly do love these. There’s only 2 ingredients, so as a busy, thoughtful mom, I don’t have to worry about unnecessary chemicals on my baby’s bum. I can even wipe his face and whole body down frankly. I’ve read somewhere that there’s potential for it to harvest bacteria some how if not used within a 30- day period. I haven’t had any problems! All babies get rasheS: I just use some good diaper cream and frequent changing of diapers.These are great wipes that we use almost exclusively. We have had trouble with our baby getting a rash from other brands that are supposedly gentle, but these have been great. Use more textured wipes when we need more "grip" for the messy diapers, but these are perfect for everything else.Best for you and great value for price. Great for injury patient with sensitive skin such as myself. Thanks for being available. Helps so much.I love having these on hand when my little love has a diaper rash. They are very gentle, yet still get the job done.

Also great for use on face and hands.These wipes are not the same quality water wipes I have purchased in the past. I am unsure if they are fake or of quality changed. After reading other reviews I realized they contain trace amounts of chemicals as well. I always purchase these wipes to avoid these chemicals. I feel completely mislead and now I’m frustrated that I have been using them on my baby.Used these to wipe our abandoned kitten after he went to the bathroom, from birth to 6 weeks old. Did not irritate his skin and there was no smell. Only con is once the package is getting low, the wipes are harder to get out.We love these wipes and the peace of mind we have knowing they aren't filled with lots of unnecessary ingredients. They do the job as well as any other kinds we've used.Tired parents looking for baby wipes online: These are the best ones- buy them. Now try and get a nap.These are my all time favorite baby wipes of all the brands. They stay wet even at the end of the package, and they clean up messes really well.I bought thinking it would work great for my 1 year old. It ended up being too wet and breaking her out. I had to switch to a different wet wipe brandThis is worth purchasing if there are additional coupons or deals. Otherwise, very expensive. I still like these though.Love love love these wipes. I can use them on her face and hands abs it doesn't dry the skin out like regular wipes.I had to open a pack after reading the negative reviews and happy to report that these wipes are nice and much less on Amazon than at the store.These are not real water wipes they gave my son a rash . I’ve used water wipes since he was born and he’s never had a rash. Very disappointed. Buy the ones from target or buy buy baby.We prefer to use reusable cloth wipes and to make our solution. However, these waterwipes were a life saver when baby was first born. We didn't have the energy or time to use the reusable at first but didn't want to settle for chemical filled wipes. Even now we always have a small supply as backup.They are good wipes and very wet, but on the expensive side, I wish it gave that cap that you can open and close like the ones Huggies have.Hands-down, the best wipes out on the market. We have tried every brand and nothing stays moist enough. You need the moisture to get the really sticky poop off. Worth the extra money because you can use less wipes if they are wetterOnly wipes I will use on delicate baby skinPerfect for breastfeeding babies. Other wipes have chemicals and actually hurt the poor babies skin. Once you get to solids, you will find that these don't have enough grip BUT they are the #1 best for breastfeeding babies. We moved on to Honest after adding solids which work very well. Seventh Generation seem pretty good too for either situation.I’ve been using Costco sensitive and knew there was something better! These are small but moist
wipes and have a light pleasing scent.I love it because these water wipes and natural and don’t have any scent that can cause my baby a diaper rash. He loves getting cleaned in them for doing his #1 or #2 in his diapers. I will use these for a long time!!My daughter-in-law requested some of these in her baby preparatory days! I've since ordered a package to keep here. Sure beat the scented wipes I used on my own kids.I like that these wipes have no weird ingredients, but they are super wet! I also don't like that they won't pull out one after the other, so all the wipes stick to each other when you were trying to push them through a wipe holder. They are too expensive for my taste! Check out wellness mama's blog for a homemade recipe if you would like to go this route.Only thing I can complain about is the price. But I will gladly pay it for a safe product for my baby's skin. We experienced some pretty bad diaper rashes from other wipes before I found these. They can be hard to get out of the package, but we use a reusable wipes container, so take them out of their original packaging and avoid that problem.I wish I had bought these when my LO was a baby. I think they really help with Diaper rash. We are in potty training age, so use them much less now but they still help in that regard and you can use them to wipe up a quick spill.Odd smell. Thin. Useless.These wipes are awesome. They are very moist and do a great job cleaning up. No artificial fragrances and they do not irritate even the most sensitive of skin. Only two ingredients!We love these wipes. We used to buy medical cloths and use water for baby wiping because it is best and the baby was getting diaper rash from regular wipes (plus continued use of baby wipes or adult wipes is giving people terrible skin conditions). But these wipes are the next best thing and you don't have to go looking for a water source every time you do a diaper change.Great! And without all the icky chemicals most other wipes have. For all ages.These are great despite the bad reviews Wich clearly states on the package that they have an expiration date.there expensive unless u find a good deal but worth every penny.and Amazon puts out good deals all the y
Time.and they prevent baby rashes and are good for other things as well .After problems with terrible diaper rash we switched over to these and they've been great! Love the convenience of having just-water wipes on the go.Super observant and soft on skin. Highly recommended on delicate sensitive baby skingreat wipe. no smell, no irritation. fits my oxo wipe holder OXO Tot Perfect Pull Wipes Dispenser  perfectly. These are not as convenient to use out of the package. With that said, they are a decent size package to keep in the diaper bag.I don’t use anything other than water wipes on my baby. These work like a charm and keep the diaper rash at bay. They also don’t burn him because there’s no chemicals or harsh soaps in the ingredients. Very natural and the cloth is durable and does not tear easily. Very durable wipes.I was very excited to receive these wipes because they are non toxic and have an overall excellent review on Amazon. Unfortunately, they are thin and small, and worst of all— they are impossible to seperate from each other quickly when changing a poopy diaper.So good for sensitive bottoms. We only use these wipes.I absolutely love these wipes! They even clean up those first "tar poos" that newborns have with no touble (even better than a wet wash cloth).Great for sensitive skinThese wipes work wonderfully. They’ve cleaned up every baby mess we’ve encountered so far without issue. They get our baby perfectly clean. It’s comforting to know that we aren’t wiping a bunch of chemicals all over our baby. It’s the only wipes we will use.Love these wipes! Rarely ever does my baby get irritated skin or diaper rash using these. I switched to buggies wipes for a week and she had diaper rash after a few days. Switched right back to these. Worth the dollars.Best wipes ever. We always keep a pack in the carI hate those wipes.
Even if there are 'natural' and without chemical product, the quality of those wipes is very bad.
Also, when i pull a wipes, I always have severals ones coming together, very annoyingI placed an order 3 weeks ago and received the real Wet Wipes without chlorine (based on the other reviewers). Then just placed another order, and they we not only late but were the "fake ones".These wipes work so well on our sensitive boy's skin! The wipes are nice and thick, plus the whole pack doesn't dry out half-way through (even if you forget to close the top flap.)The only wipe I've used and I don't plan to try anything else. If you are into natural care for your baby, this is the purest and cleanest wipe you can get on the market. It eliminates all the unnecessary chemicals but saves the trouble of making wipes on your own, which is great but not for me. I use the Honest company bottom spray occasionally to ensure a better clean after a poopoo mess. The mega value box provides such a great value too!Soft and delicateGreat product for our family. We try to stay as natural as a possible with our daughter’s products . She is about 3 months old and these wipes work great! There is no sticky residue on her skin after we wipe and she has not had any redness on her bottom since we switched. I recommend this if your child has sensitive skin!Our baby was born 8 weeks ago and we’ve only used these on her and love them. They’re gentle on her new skin and don’t have a strong fragrance but definitely get the job done. We like knowing we’re using as simple a product as possible on her.If you are someone like me who hates that conventional wipes have toxic ingredients such as "fragrance", than you'll love these wipes. Simple ingredients and so gentle! These are the only wipes I will use!I love the cost and how effective these wipes are. They would be 5 stars except for when you pull them out you get a bunch at a time.Superior product but FOR THE LOVE OF GOD make them easier to grab when doing a diaper change. Get a dispenser and make it so the next one comes out.They had no scent, but they were rough on my girl, somehow its very hard cleaning baby with it, I had to do more hard than with other wipes and baby didnt like it.This is the only wipe that we buy for our little one. We've been using them for a year and a half.A nurse friend of mine had these and turned me onto them. I love them, pure, no chemicals, and efficient..with that said, I wish they were just a bit larger...but I love them.these wipes are great. perfect for my daughters sensitive skin as a new born. At 2 weeks she had a rash that would not go away despite the creams i was using. once i switched from pampers wipes to these wipes in about 2 days the rash subsided. They are thick and durable and really clean well. I love that i can use them on her face after she eats and wiping her mouth knowing she won't develop any little bumps or rashes from them.I love these wipes. The hold up well and do a great job. I love that there are not all these scents and chemicals that other wipes seem to have. I gave a pack as part of a new baby’s gift and the mom loved them so much she started buying them too. The bulk purchase is a great deal and even though it takes me some time to work my way through them they haven’t dried out.This are the most moist wipes out there. Great for sensitive skin. I use them for the diaper bag since they are not the best ones for wipe warmer.This is probably the best wipes especially for sensitive skinEn muy util, no causa ningun efectos, alergias a los Bebés.These wipes are for my great grandson. They are soft and smell real nice.
Will be using them soon! Can't wait!These are the best and worth the priceThese are the only wipes that didn’t make my daughter butt turn red or get a rash. We are past the diaper stage and I still keep these on hand to clean up my toddler, remove my makeup.Bought this product relying on the scores it has and was really disappointed. One of the most important things in baby wipes are the easy way to pull them out- this wipes are hard to pull them out one by one and it makes them very inconvenient to use. There is better alternative in the same quality of wipes. One good thing that I found out they really watery and not drying that fast.I've tried several kinds of natural baby wipes and these are my favorite! We use a wipe warmer and all the other wipe types dried out in there, and even were dry without being in the warmer. These stay wet and our baby has never had any skin issues from using it, always smooth clear skin!These are nice, non irritating wipes, scentless. They wash well and make good liners (cloth diaper users know what I mean). My only complaint is that they don't pop up like some other brands do, so you have to fish a new wipe out of the little hole. The package says not to transfer them to another holder.I wish they wouls figure out how to have them pull out like other diaper wipes. It is very frustrating when you have a squirmy child and you have to pull several out and separate them.
I use them bc other diaper wipes irritate or burn my child’s bum.Much better and thicker than what else is out there. Good for adults too:-)These wipes are wonderful! Great for when baby has diaper rash as it won't irritate it more or for sore boogey noses! We also used them as dryer sheet alternative before.These wipes are great for wiping down toddlers face and hands after a messy meal. I felt they were way too wet for diaper changes...... not sure if I’ll buy again as they are a bit on the pricey side.I love the natural aspect of these wipes, but they aren't the best for messy diapers. You end up going through a lot of them quickly compared to other wipes. I prefer other natural brands due to this factor. I will still definitely use up the ones I have and may buy them again if they were less expensive.WHY NOT ADVERTISE "NOT FLUSHABLE " I was surprised and disappointedThese are the best wipes! I use them on my face and for any times wet wipes are needed. The ingredients? Water and grapefruit seed extract (check the package to make sure my memory is correct!). Love them!Wipes work great, they are a little more expensive than some of the other brands i've used though. No issues with this wipe. Get it.Great wipes. I love that they're nontoxic. However, the packaging is not ideal for quick or one handed use, they're a little hard to get out while struggling with a moving baby with a poopy butt. But I will definitely continue to buy them because it's worth it to me to have chemical free wipesNo scent, which is perfect. Recently, I have noticed the water wipes are thicker than before. Either way, they are my top pick due to their simple ingredients. less is more.Best wipes, can be used if baby has diaper rash and even Moms can use. As women we can not use everything on our ladyparts due to possible irritation . These wipes didn’t cause any irritation. My entire family uses these wipes.Wanted to try but very disappointed. The wipes are thin & very small sized. Have to use like 10-15 sometimes for those messy poos and it’s unnecessary. Did not like these wipes at all, especially at that price. Will stick with honest wipes.These wipes are super wet, and durable. I can literally use one water wipe when it would take me maybe three of the leading brand to do the same job. Plus they’re super handy to have around to wipe up messes and I don’t worry about my baby chewing on them if she gets a hold of one of them, because there’s nothing in them.My son has sensitive skin and was almost constantly getting diaper rash. All the other brands claiming to be sensitive...we have tried, Huggies, Costco, Amazon and Pampers. These are the only brand that has significantly reduced his diaper rash.

I have ordered a ton of these and have had no issues with mold...even when they have sat in the box unused for months.It’s really difficult to pull out just ONE wipe. I always get 1-2 additional when I attempt to get one wipe. Otherwise, they’re great! My daughter is super sensitive to every other wipe and gets diaper rashes super easily, but this has never caused issues.These were recommended by my pediatrician to help fight yeast infections and diaper rash and they have really helped.I love these wipes. I've used them bc my ped dermatologist suggested we use them over the traditional wipes. I've tried lesser expensive brands who have similar claims but they had weird sent. I always regret those purchases and go back to water wipes.Loved buying these online. They were cheaper than in the store. These wipes are the best if you're looking for minimal ingredients. Safe for everything from face, to hands and bum! They are super moist, too.My honest opinion is they are just regular diapers and they are not alot in package for the price. I bought because my wife and i wanted to try it on our son who was breaking out and it was fine however for the price I can get more.Best wipes. No harsh chemicals. I use to remove my makeup and clean my face. I order by the case and pass them around to other family members.The best wipes I’ve used. My baby is almost 2 and this is the only brand I like. No scent, no leaking, easy to use packaging and no pulling 10 wipes at once!!!!Favorite baby wipes! Great for newborns and for other stuff later.I do not leave reviews for items until I have had some time to use them.

My daughter developed a little diaper rash. Our doctor said it could be from the wipes that we use and to look for 'water wipes'. To be able to find these, in bulk, for a great price, is amazing. She hasn't had a rash in 4 months, and this is the only wipes we use.Definitely worth the money! My husband is annoyed on how many times I tell him that I love these wipes. They're smooth on the bottom, they don't have a strong scent to them and they clean so much better than all the other wipes!I gave this product 4 stars because the wipes didn't come as wet as they usually are. They still work well, but just didn't contain as much water as they usually do.Best one. Lots of water , less scent and additives. I give 4 stars because of the plastic lid. It doesn’t stick well as you keep using it, it gets worse.Best wipes in the market. I've tried almost all of the famous brands, they do the job for the diaper change but water wipes is like cleaning your baby with water, plus I never hesitate to use it on my baby's face and hands . No rash, no redness👌The water wipes are amazing no Chemicals and best to used to clean your private part.Was skeptical about this product but it was the ONLY thing that worked for our baby’s crazy bad rash- no stinging so no tears!These are the only wipes that do not irritate my daughter's sensitive skin. We tried every other natural/sensitive brand before discovering these. They are moist but not sopping, large enough that we don't need half a bag for one messy diaper, and soft on our daughter's skin. We have not had an issue with mold - I keep a bag of these in my purse, car, and open at home.Wipes do not connect so while holding a pissed off baby and trying not to have a meltdown about the poop smeared everywhere, you end up yanking half the pack out just to peel 10 off to use in cleaning up the crapnado that just happened because you screwed up & tried this product:) After reading more reviews, I understand that the Water Wipes quality is equivalent to the Amazon diaper quality....if you compare store quality to ordered products, you will be disappointed. It's obvious they needed to cut back on costs to offer the bulk products and the quality suffers.These are our go to wipes for baby girl! I prefer to avoid the chemicals and harsh smells in other products, we are happy subscribe and save customers!The best wipes ever. They have a clean scent and are so natural. They also leave you feeling so fresh and clean. They are a little thin and aren't flushable, but I can overlook that because these are my favorite.These wipes are a must if you have sensitive skin! Only wipes we will use.Great wipes overall, but kind of hard to pull out when you get towards the end of a package. They are not connected to each other like other wipes (i.e., when you pull one wipe out, it doesn't pull the next one out for ease of use. You have to reach in and pull the next one out). This makes it not so ideal for putting in dispensers.We were sold the fake Water Wipes! Just like other reviewers are saying, these wipes contain chloride in them. The real Water Wipes do not have chloride in them. Will never purchase these again through Amazon!I enjoy this product. I have been using it on my newborn. Works well. Has plenty of moisture. I put it in my wipe warmer. It still remain moist.
Only negative feedback is that when I pull one wipe it does not pull the top of the next wipe to be readily available. I find myself having to dig for the next wipe every timeGreat product. I am very satisfied.These wipes are the best! I’ve tried so many others on the market, but these were recommended by my Lactation specialist when our baby has a diaper rash (paired with desitin). They have made SUCH a difference! They are so soft and are so efficient at cleaning up those tender little parts.These are the best wipes if you want a non scented natural wipes. My baby has sensitive skin so a non scented, no chemicals wipes are the best option for her. I also use them to clean her face and neck.I usually don't write reviews but this is making me so upset that I need to let people know that this is noy the same wipes anymore. I have ordered these wipes for long time, my kid is allergic to chemical, so the reason I buy these are to avoids chemicals and I pay extra to have just the 2 ingredients of real water wipes. This is not the purest wipes anymore, it has quemical now. I keep receiving the new box of these wipes which had new design. I don't even know if is fake. I will contact the manufacturer to find out what is happening with this wipes.This is perfect for my little one as she has very sensitive skin & can not use anything scented not anything containing alcohol , these water wipes are really great for ANY && EVERYTHING from face to bottom they don’t feel too moist nor too dry, JUST RIGHT!I only buy Water Wipes. They are the only brand of wipes that has two ingredients only. All the others I have researched have a long list of natural and chemical ingredients which is unnecessary for baby’s privates.The only wipes I will use on my children. My kids were all allergic to the other brandsLove these for our twins! We love the fact we can use them all over their bodies (since they are eating solids now) and not worry about chemicals. We have used them since the day they were born and never stopped.Love these simple, gentle wipes for my baby’s sensitive skin. Since we switched to these we have pretty much prevented all rashes that we go with previous brands of wipes. The only downsize is they are a bit small in size and not very thick, but hands down the most gentle we’ve tried!We switched to these since my son has such sensitive skin and his skin has been clear ever since!! We love them!We love these wipes. They work wonderfully, and clean the baby up quickly and easily. We've used them since our daughter was born 9 months ago because we wanted something that was free of chemicals and these were well rated by the EWG. These are basically just water, and that is enough. I didn't realize how much we liked these until we were away for a few weeks and bought a couple other kinds of wipes that are considered natural, low toxicity, etc. They were awful. They seemed to leave a soapy residue and didn't clean as well. I didn't want my daughter to put her hands in her mouth after I wiped her hands with them because I didn't want whatever was making them so soapy to go in her mouth. We're missing vacation, but glad to be home using our waterwipes again.I love these baby wipes. Especially since they are the safest for my baby. Only complaint is that they arent folded so when you grab one, the next one is barely coming out of the top. Usually when you grab one, two come out and you have to shove the second one back in.Stay away from this productI like that they are wet....like always and don't really dry out easy. Not smelly and clean good so far I have not tore one. Good for everyday messes aswell.little bit expensiveThese wipes are the best! My newborn son got really bad diaper rash and contact irritation at 2 weeks old, even with natural wipes and chlorine free diapers. We had to switch to cloth diapers and wipes for that to finally clear up. We use these water wipes for away from home. They are the only ones that don't irritate his skin.This product arrived with mud — INSIDE the Amazon box and ON the Water Wipes box. Completely unacceptable for baby products - especially products geared towards babies with sensitive skin.

I can’t even open the box, due to my baby’s allergies. Gross.Annoying to pull out...they all stick together and aren't folded into one another like other wipes and Kleenex. Might as well go for the huggies that don't have an annoying smell like Pampers and also no alcohol.

No bad smell, no alcohol, but also no way to easily dispense.Was on a hunt for safe wipes that didn't cause issues with our sensitive baby bums. I lo e that there isn't additives in these wipes. Virtually scent free. These are on auto reship for us!Our favorite! We have used these since day once and feel good about them. With no harsh chemicals (no chemicals at all, actually) we know that we are wiping on baby's buns is pure, simple and clean. In fact, our baby has never even really had a diaper rash and it could be in part to using such natural products on her sensitive parts.Very happy with this product. Does the job without irritating skin. I keep reordering for my granddaughter.Love it good priceonly wipes without junk. But whybis water so expensive. Way overpriced but we hate chemicals and scented junk.great for sensitive skin- I feel like they changed the fabric to a more sturdy cloth that is easier to wipe with so we use less wipes compared to other brandsThey are on the pricey side, but they are very good. Some wipes leave lint residue on the skin. These do not, very happy with the purchase.Never caused a rash, always moist, only ones used since day 1.There's a ton of "eco" "organic" wipes out there that have a bunch of malarkey in them that I can't and don't care to pronounce. These are: water + grapefruit seed extract, which is one of the most antibacterial substances known to man.

I love them, they're super gentle, and we buy them by the case!I love these because I can clean the baby not only after a diaper change but wipe her face or hands as well and not worry about chemicals. The only reason I did not give a 5 Star is because my recent order, the wipes were a little drier than I prefer. I don't want them dripping but I do have to use more now since they are not very wet. I will still continue to order these but I wish they were a little more moist.Only thing that has kept my baby from having horrible diaper rash. NOTHING helped my baby until we tried these wipes. He was allergic to all the other wipes and no amount of diaper cream would solve the problem. Tried these and haven't had a problem since. The wipes aren't super thick and it takes more than one to get the job done with a big poopie diaper, but it's worth it to keep his allergic reaction at bay.As advertised and do not believe the other negative review regarding some chemical in these! These don’t contain anything except water and grape extract. You should indeed chknout the EWG app and See for yourself. Also, use it for everything. It’s EWG dot ORG. ✌🏼They put some kind of sticker label over the top which makes it difficult to seal the supposedly resealable package. The wipes are drying out much faster than they should. If I could find these anywhere local, I won't be ordering them again.I received my monthly subscription as usual, unfortunately this time around I was not pleased with my order. The Amazon box seemed fine, when I opened the package and noticed the water wipes box was damaged, I knew right away something was not right with the wipes inside as well. After observing each water wipe package(s) I noticed some wipes were dry and not soaked at all.These wipes are the best! Never have issues with my baby's skin when I use these! Thankful that Amazon Carrie's them so I can get them in bulk!3 kids, have used since 2017 and they changed their material just recently and it's not the same. Not as wet, feels rougher and doesn't do the job like the old ones did. Have canceled our subscription.Perfect. No scent, no added stuff! Use at work (pelvic floor PT) and great for all skin types!these wipes had a chemical ingredient and caused very bad irritation and redness, bumps and itching. This should be illegal. Will be looking to get a refundThere are not very many per pack, AND They don’t pop up for the next one.
But they are really wet and thats ok.I love these wipes! I have 3 girls and all suffer from eczema and dermatitis and these wipes are perfect for their sensitive skin as there are no chemicals. Just simple water , this box of 12 lasted me a real long time even had one in my diaper bag and kept the change table stocked with it. I read reviews where some people had packs of wipes that were too wet but each pack I opened were the perfect wetness or dampness. But I don't mind it bein too wet anyways because it helps wipe off dirty bums :) otherwise, i loove these wipes, I just wish the pricing was a little more consistent, first time I bought it was about $39 with free shipping then a couple months later it jumped to about $47Water wipes are the only wipes I’ll use on my baby. The only truly pure wipes I’ve found, and worth every penny!Cleans poo like you wouldn't believe. Cleans couches that poo gets on, good for clothes, hands, curtains, or the dog. Really anything that instant poo comes in contact with. (You think I'm kidding). Generally pretty great for all things poo. Haven't used it on anything else.In terms of ingredients, absolutely the best wipes. I never even had to use diaper rash cream when using these on my son. I’m giving three stars because the dispersal method is absolutely horrible. It’s impossible to get more than one wipe to come out at a time and pulling the next one out it’s also very difficult, making diaper changes much harder. If they fix this they would be the best wipes, hands down.I really like these for myself. For baby use, they are a bit thin for messy poops, but are great for face wipes and general use. They could be softer/thicker.These are the only already prepared baby wipes that don't have heaps of chemicals. I chose these because they really are water and a small amount of grapefruit seed extract to preserve them. Great for newborns and babies with sensitive skin. The material of the wipe is high quality as well. They work well even with solid food poops and never leave a rash behind. Even the health friendly brands (honest, seventh generation, etc) are full of chemicals (read the label) and have left us with a rash or two.So great on sensitive skin. The other products have alcohol and burn. Try them on a little cut! Ouch!!! My newborn tolerates these much better. Thank you! They are also easy to get out one at a time.These are great wipes! Love the size of the packages, small enough to carry in the diaper bag but has a lot of wipes in them so you don't have to replace them constantly. The wipes are gentle and does not leave a rash on my son's delicate bum. I only wish the size of the wipes were a little bit bigger and thicker.after finding out my son was allergic to baby wipes, we switched to these & never went back! awesome productGreat product. I love that they don’t irritate my baby and can be used on day one. It’s the closest thing to water you’ll find. I also like how wet they are so that they can really wipe up any mess. The 720 box is great...because you’ll go through a lot!These are good if your baby has sensitive skin but they are not easy to use because they don’t grab the next sheet and they are not quilted so you find yourself needing to use many and struggling to get them out of the package.These wipes are great! I'm amazed at how they are much more "wet" than any other wipes and have such a freshness to them. I switched to these hoping it would help my sons eczema, and I love them. I am however disappointed in the price, especially given the ingredients are nearly all water.We had loads of trouble with aweful diaper rash during teething. Dr recommended just a wet rag to clean our son's bottom. That was the only thing that helped...until Water Wipes. They have been as gentle on his bottom as just a wet rag and eliminated the pain of having to be near a faucet! Thank you!!The one complaint about these wipes is that it is very hard to get 1 wipe out of the pack. Usually i get 2-3 wipes still stuck together so I need to pull them apart prior to using them. I usually use 2-3 wipes at a time anyway but pulling them apart is kind of a pain with everything else I am trying to do.This is an essential if you have a baby. It's also great for general use as well!My son has eczema and very very sensitive skin. I loved these. They are such great material. And they don’t rip and they scrub very softly for sensitive skin. These were amazing. And they definitely last !These aren’t our everyday wipes due to cost and they don’t clean up big messes but they are definitely a life saver when the kids have rashes and cannot tolerate regular wipesThese wipes are far more moist than any other wipe and I’m able to clean my baby usually with just one wipe! Great for a wipe down when it’s especially warm to avoid a heat rash. The fact that they’re fragrance free and almost solely water is incredible for young, delicate skin. Love, love, love these wipes!I am using these wipes for my 8 month old baby since day 1 and I had no issues ever. He never had any rashes. After every use I dry the area with a plain muslin cloth and apply some either cold pressed virgin coconut oil or a diaper cream.Too thinLove how wet these are and that they don’t irritate her skin. Don’t love how they pull out of its container I get serval wipes at once and it such a waste or a pain to put some back in the container. With that being said I won’t buy any other type of wipes.Best wipes, nice size, have on auto shipments because like them so much. Sturdy m, yet sensitive to skin. Recommend!Not a big fan of using these wipes but I like that these don't contain chemicals like popular wipes on the market.
These wipes are extremely wet. Dripping wet when pulled out of package. Wipes are thin and small. Difficult to pull out one wipe at a time from package.This is not so much on the product but the packaging...... I got the 3 packs of 3 waterwipes together the probably take up a 9inch by 12inch by 3 inch space the box was like 24 inch. By 36 inch by 24inchI was looking for baby wipes that did not have a lot of chemicals in them and did not have a smell. These fit my requirements. There have very basic ingredients: water and grapeseed oil. They do not have a smell really and are fairly damp. (The packaging says you cannot put them in a different container, but I put them in my OXO Wipes Dispenser and they stay damp). What I didn't like was that it sometimes the wipes would smear the mess instead of wiping it up- but you just have to use a few more. But overall they work very well.

After trying several different brands, I ended up loving Seventh Generation wipes. They don't have much of a smell either, but they seem to clean up messes better (there are more ingredients than WaterWipes though).

I would recommend WaterWipes to anyone who was looking for the purest baby wipe that gets the job done.These are awesome, the best ! We use it for years from kids to adults. Get it !I want to like these wipes. In fact, I can only think of one thing I don’t like about these wipes, but that one thing is a dealbreaker for me. They are way too thin and small. I like large, thick wipes. I don’t like having to layer 3-4 wipes together to make one decent wipe. I’m going back to Bloom wipes.My baby was getting bad diaper rash when he was first born. When we switched to water wipes the rash cleared right up! They are gentle enough to use in his face as well. These are the only wipes we use!Love these wipes for when my baby has a rash. Way less harsh on the bottom than normal wipes. A bit more expensive but they work!!We had to switch to these when my daughter got a diaper rash that was uncontrollable. Using these in addition to ointments were very helpful.These wipes are natural and good for the skin .Love the item and have been using it for the past 18 months. Just wish it included more wipes per package and wasn’t as pricey. Otherwise it’s the only baby wipes I prefer! Love that it’s natural and safe. Never had any issues with diaper rash and almost never used any desitin for my toddler.Cure for infections down there.. have a 3 year old daughter. Was complaining every time she took a bath or diaper change. She had had several UTI's, yeast infections, and diaper rash. Dr. Said stop using all chemicals- no bubble baths or baby wipes. We purchased these and so far much better. She's not in pain any more.Love water wipes as a brand in general. However, the price is the same, or more expensive, but the wipes are actually smaller in width. The wipes are not standard size. I also bought water wipes in two other stores and they are also thinner. It's not really a problem, but you might have to use more wipes for blowouts, and they are expensive for less of a wipe!So great for sensitive skinEvery other sensitive wipe on the market gave my babe instant butt rash. These wipes are perfect! No problems except they dont come out of the package very well. I'm always digging for the next oneI’ve used the product for both my children. Used other wipes with my first child and there was always irritated skin. Once we switched to water wipes the skin irritations immediately went away. Fantastic product!I LOVE how moist they are, and that are pretty much just water. I feel very comfortable using these on my baby and myself. My only request a flip top pack I drive myself crazy trying to keep the opening in pristine condition so my wipes don't dry out! All in all, these wipes are amazing. Will definitely keep using.We love these wipes! They are more moist than any other wipe on the market and are super gentle on baby tushies. After trying them upon the recommendation of my sister, we immediately subscribed to receive the package monthly and are loving them.LOVE these wipes. We've had significantly less diaper rash with daughter #2 (though we are also cloth diapering this time, as well). The only downside is the price. So far I've been able to snag a good price a couple of times, but these can't (unfortunately) be our go-to wipe.We absolutely love these! I love that there are no chemicals in here, they don't stink, and the only issue we have is that sometimes they don't feel very wet but they still do the job. I wish they pulled out easier though, like the top one pulls out the next wipe etc. My son has very sensitive skin issues and I feel very confident in using these.Es lo mejor que puedes usar con tú bebé, definitivamente la pareja que invento esté producto para los bebés con piel sensitiva. A+++++++++++ 100%%%%Good butt wipes for my stanky booty.I have been using exclusively the waterwipes for my baby. She is now 15 months old and she never had any rashes. I love that it has only 2 ingredients but I am puzzled by the higher cost compared to other wipes.Love these wipes as I don't have to worry about any reaction or irritation with my baby. Feel good about using them, for wiping up around babe and any minor nursery messes. Great to have on the go and at home when I'm washing my reusable wipes.I love these. These are my favorite wipes to use on both my children from birth until potty training. They are great for cleaning their face if need be, or my fingers from the diaper cream. No annoying perfume smell. Good quality.my daughter was unable to use wipes that were scented so we went with these and never looked back. great deal here on amazon with the 9 packI plan on using cloth wipes, but for the first week or so after I had the baby I didn't want to worry about laundry so I searched for the most natural choice possible. These wipes are as close as you can get! I have no trouble with them being too dry. And the thickness is perfect, not too thin not too thick. And they don't bother the baby's skin at all. Definitely recommend.Did not like tissues- very small, flimsy, too many in box. I gave them to my granddaughter whose child is about a year old. Not good for adult use!My dtr only uses safe and plain things on her baby so we got thisLOVE these wipes for my newborn son. Only complaint I have is if you use them in a warmer they dont work right in the pop up pulling system : ( other than that I will continue to use since they are the safest wipe with no chemicals.Bought these to clean my dog's paws as she was gnawing at her paws from what out vet thought might be an allergic reaction to the grass. She told us to use baby wipes to clean her feet. These has the least amount of chemicals and they work well to clean my dog's feet.They are really natural and odorless. Wet enough and very soft. The only problem is that they cannot be used with plastic dispenser: when you pull a wipe, next one does not stick out of box like mainstream ones. So I just open the box and pick each one with my fingers. But it is not a big issue.
I do not know how to live without these wonderful wipes.was on the baby shower gift list. Is very very heavy. Glad the shipping was free as it would cost a great deal to ship based on the weight. I have no idea about how they perform, and the baby has not arrived yet so no report from the mom.Great for my daughter w/a sensitive bottom; I like that I can throw it away then use a wash cloth to clean poop off over and over. We change from this to Pampers sensitive when her butt is clear and white...any sign of pink/redness we use only this and find it makes a difference.Reduces diaper rash on sensitive skin compared to regular wipes. Well worth it.I love Water Wipes! These were the first wipes we were introduced to while in the hospital with our baby. Even though we have since started using the Amazon wipes (reviewed as well) for diaper changes, we still use these for cleaning up our baby's face after she eats so all she gets against her face is something gentle. The only downside to these is that they are on the priceier side compared to most wipes.My daughter has eczema and allergies. We started with Huggies, but she had a diaper rash that just wouldn't go away. Once we started using these, the diaper rash went away. I love that these are just water - I don't have to worry about what's in them. I use them to clean her up after she eats or anytime she gets something on her.These are nice! Soft and gentle. No chemicals to irritate tender baby skin. They clean very well and can be used on the face and hands.The softest wipes for sensitive skin with no scent. I would wipe up poo with anything lessLove these wipes! They are very gentle and work so well. Each sheet is large so you don’t have to use as many.As a new parent, I struggled to find a wipe that would not cause irritation. It took months before coming across these wipes and I am forever grateful for the quality. My daughter has never had a bad reaction to use of these wipes.Best baby wipes I’ve ever used! One wipe goes a long way. Bought them as my toddler was fighting a bad yeast infection and they are completely chemical free. However, I wish they were a little more affordable for regular use.Great, soft I scented wipe. Ordered when we couldn’t get TP. Good substitute. Do not flush.The best wipes! I love water wipes. I couldn’t find any at any of our local stores. I’m glad I was able to get these online.I hate the way the packages open as they are not easy to reseal and keep sealed.these are so clean and pure. they dont dry out and they dont sting of baby has a little rash going on. i love them. they are a little more expensive then my usually wipe but i think it is worth it to not hurt baby. other sensitive wipes have alcohol in them and it hurts an rash and causes the wipe to dry out if left in the open air. these are amazing.Best wipes on the marketI LOVE this product. The wipes are large and sturdy. And clean up even the most difficult messes with ease. I love that I can use this all over baby and feel ok because they are chemical free.
Two problems-
One- even though I've signed up for subscribe and save, my shipment is super delayed sometimes because these are sold out.
Two- these are waaaaaay too wet. I open a pack, squeeze out a serious amount of excess moisture and then place in a different wipes container.
Well worth any extra work or hassle about the moisture level. I will likely never switch wipes.Leaves my baby feeling clean, does not smell bad and she never gets a rash.With a former 27 weeker who is sensitive to anything, it’s just the best!! My daughter won’t tolerate any other wipes or else will end up having, not only rash, but ULCER! These wipes are too gentle that together with ointment her skin is always nice and rash free! Love them.Bought these for someone else and she said that the wipes are very cheap. She said the wipes are thin and plastic-like. Like the static sheets your use for laundry.Does it's role with rich waterLove theses wipes for my babies sensitive bum. But I hate the actual packaging, the seal to pull wipes out is not strong/consistent on closing.My baby was allergic to every wipe! Sensitive, Honest, all of them....until WaterWipes!! Saved the day. Could not recommend more. However, please price check. It was almost half the price at target.These wipes are my favorite. They last a long time because often just one wipe is enough! They don't irritate my baby's sensitive skin and the wipe softness is a plus. Will always buy again!Durable, more moist than most brands and did not dry up like some other brands. Love that they aren’t full of chemicals and don’t have a strong smell. Easy convenient packaging .I use this at my beauty table to wipe my hands. I love that it doesn’t have a scent or harsh cleaning ingredients.These are very small for the money, normally I would have returned. Compared to any other known or generic brands these don't come close. Gave them away, because they were nothing as I exoected. Will never order this and most of the stuff that I haven't received from March 2020 again. And the whole process has soured me on some of Amazon sellers.The perfect wipe. No baby bottom iterations. Perfect skin and nice and clean baby. Love this product.My baby gets red with all the other wipes. These have stayed fresher longer and kept from hurting her. The other sensitive wipes have ingredients that just made any rash worse. Her bum loves these.tried a bunch of brands and this seems to be the consensus best. no more irritation.Does not make thrush worse.If you're concerned about all of the unnecessary ingredients and chemicals found in conventional wipes, these are a great alternative either instead of or in addition to making your own at home. We began using these when our son kept developing horrible diaper rash and they not only have seemed to help keep it at bay if we anticipate an onset, but also help alleviate some of the discomfort when he actually has diaper rash as opposed to using conventional wipes. We now have a newborn and use these exclusively for her as well.These came in exactly when they said they would and I love these so much better than the regular diaper wipes. I even use these to take makeup off and it is so much better on my sensitive skin than a lot of the other brands!It does not have a strong scent and is very effective ...though I would love it more if it was thicker.Love these wipes... We've tried almost every other brand name wipes for our baby's bottom, but these seem to be the only ones that are consistently good. The other brands might be okay for a few uses, but eventually my babe would get a diaper rash. These are nice and moist... maybe not as thick as pampers sensitive wipes, but still very gentle and soft.Although I liked them better before they decided to include Benzalkonium Chloride in the ingreIncredibly useful and one of the best brands out there.I really like these wipes. They don’t leave a weird after smell or cause skin irritation.These wipes have been a lifesaver! Even with other "natural" wipes, I had to follow up with a wet rag to wipe off the residue so my daughter wouldn't get diaper rash. But these are great! We no longer need to do that, it's liberating.You have to use half of the container to clean a dirty butt. Horrible wipesI have used other bath wipes, but all left an itchy,filmy feeling. With this you just feel clean. Yes I'm using them as an adult but I will recommend to my grand niece for her new baby, when he arrives! 3/4/18 Well my great grand nephew loves them as does my new niece Shannon. And their mommies.For what these things cost, you'd think they'd do a better job of making sure the wipes are easy to get out of the package. Nothing worse than having to dig to get another wipe out while changing baby.These are my new favorite wipes!Beat wipes you can findThe fruit juice that is on it irritates baby bottoms. For cleaning hands and faces they are fine but not for buttsThese wipes are great, but the opening and closing of packaging could use some improvement. The entire cover of the opening broke off of my packages and I had to tape them back on.This is the only wipe that agrees with my son. We once switched to another brand but came back to this as a rash formed.I have a skin condition and cannot use harsh chemicals, dyes, perfumes, etc. These wipes were a godsend. Nice and moist, with a very light scent. I think it's a bit pricey but I haven't been able to find anything else like it.Baby fresh! I have a sparkling a$$ now and I don't have to wear underwear filter, when I pass gas.Love, love, love these! They are so convenient and have just the right amount of moisture. I carry one in the car and have them in the bathroom.They were a miracle when my daugehr has a severe long term rash from her formula. Its cleaned up not but we stocked up sp we have them for even a minor rash.Love these! With everything going on, I had to find something for my babies. And these are perfect! No irritation. Cleans really well. And even helped with the rash my daughter had!Not the chemical free version at all! These caused my little girl to have irritation. It contains benzalkonium chloride.Definitely recommend! They work for my baby who has very sensitive skin, they are very hydrating and not as abrasive as other wipes we have tried.I like it my baby is 9 weeks old and doesn’t has any rush. I heard is not completely without chemical- read ingredients but it works for us. Completely without scent.Good product! Just one thing.... Too much water....😂They work great just one issue they often stick together and can be difficult to get out of the package which can be extremely frustrating when in a hurry or with a fussy kidWe've tried Honest brand, Seventh Generation, and these water wipes. Honest brand wipes are thicker and sturdier, but ultimately these were better on our babe's bum. Seventh Generation gave a rash.It's been the moistest wipes I've ever use. The wipes are very gentle to my baby's skin compared to other brand that has the thick wipes that gave my baby rashes. I love how it only has 2 ingrediets very natural. The only downside is the the Individual packaging of the wipes. Once the sticky wears off around the edges of thr opening its very hard to close and gets the other items in your bag wets. Its good if you have the wipes container or pouch to prevent that. But that does not stop me from giving it a 5 stars.I am trying to contact the manufacturer but I just opened a new package and there was black spotted mold on the wipes. They were stored inside and never in a hot environment. They were sealed before I opened them for the first time.You need to get all the wipes out that you need before you start otherwise you'll be stuck digging in the bag or pulling out a big wad of 3 or 4! They are also kind of too thick and stiff to wipe efficiently. I do like that they don't contain anything that I'd be afraid to get in baby's mouth though so I can use them to wipe her hands.Great wipes.These are my absolute favorite wipes of all time. I've tried just about every other brand out there and I'll never bother buying another brand again. These are the perfect thickness, perfect wetness, non-irritating and keep my babies skin looking perfect. Highly recommend 17 of 10 :)My babygirl has very sensitive skin and we have tried a few different kind of wipes. These have worked so well!!I adore these wipes for baby. Love that there are no harsh chemicals or scents. They are thick enough to do the job without being wasteful and are never too dry or too wet. I also love that I can use the same wipes for hands, face, and diaper changes so I don't have to carry even more stuff.Best wipes I've bought!
Only with they came up after each use. Sometimes I have to dig for the edge.I run a registered in-home daycare and have used all brands of wipes over the years. Over a year ago I went green and chemical free and am loving the change. I have tried Honest Co, Seventh Generation and now Water Wipes. Unfortunately, I won't be reordering Water Wipes again. I give them great respect for making a non chemical earth friendly wipe (that's why 3 stars). But they don't feed one at a time out of package and that is aggravating when you are trying to quickly change a wiggling baby or toddler. Because they don't feed out one at a time...I find I am wasting some because they come out 2 or more at a time. Deduction of 1 star for that. The other deduction is for size and texture. I feel the size is considerably smaller than Seventh Generation and Honest Co. And the cloth material is too hard to get a proper wipe. It's not "grabby"...just kind of slides over mess. The prices are comparatively the same or close. I like the ease of ordering Seventh Generation on Amazon as a subscribe and save versus ordering from Honest and paying shipping. I really wanted to like Water Wipes because there is absolutely no chemicals in the wipes. I will be going back to Seventh Generation.These are expensive but my son has extremely sensitive skin and gets diaper rash so it is way easier option than the whole cotton ball and water routine for diaper changes. If I use regular wipes or even sensitive wipes on his face he breaks out but with these he is fine.it arrived..im happy so far ;-)Love these! Did you know some disposable wipes contain gluten? Other wipes have a preservative known to cause cancer. Most wipes give me a rash, which means I'd be crazy to use them on my baby's skin. These wipes are the most natural you can get, I love them!The best wipes on the market. Even the most pure and organic wipes didn’t work for my baby until I found these. Even my pediatrician said that it’s the choice she recommends for families. They are pricey but 100% worth itWorks perfect I don't need to use that many because they are not that dry like others.I've been using these incredible wipes for 2 years, about 2 cases a month. 720 wipes per case, 1440 a month, 17,280 a year...That's a lot of wipes. I've never seen any mold. Perhaps there was a bad batch in the past for some previous reviewers but I've never seen any. Beyond that, they just work so well and I don't have to worry about all those chemicals in other wipes! I never fret over using these on my baby's face, or mine, or anywhere else. Highly recommended.The new seal used to close the wipes is much better than the old one. I've been using these wipes, exclusively, for 2 years with my daughter. I highly recommend them as they actually only contain water and grapefruit seed extract. Best wipes! I only buy them by the case as we use them so much.These wipes are definitely the best I used for my baby. They do not have a scent, which I love. They're very durable and easy to use. Very soft to the touch as well. Worth every pennyMy baby had diaper rash using pampers and ever since switched to water wipes, they are all gone. I highly recommend this product for baby's delicate skinKnocking on wood- no diaper rash in almost 5 months after using these on my baby since birth. I use them for my face too! Downfall is that they are hard to get out of package but worth the struggle because they are gently and very moist for tough jobs!The only reason I gave it only 4 stars is the price. There is no doubt these are the best quality. Since I don't have an unlimited budget, I use these to clean my babies face (I have a triplets), but use cheaper ones to wipe their... (forgive my French) asses.The package that these wipes are in needs to change. The lid doesn't fit properly and then water starts to leak if you keep it upside down. It needs to have the cover as tight as the huggies wipes.I'll return this product. It seems face product. Because in previous time I've used to real wipes and able to compare between of this two. This wipes very thin. I've disappointed of buying these.Recommended to me by a nurse over the hospital hotline since my kid was having rashes from drooling; this product cleans but is mild. With any new product try a small amount first. I would be surprised if this causes any problems since I have been using regularly and have never seen any drying or rash on my child.Very sturdyI love these wipes for my little guy's sensitive skin. They have no perfumes or dyes and they're soft on his bum and little bits. Tha packaging sucks, but I just pull out a couple before I start to change his diaper. Unfortunately it looks as though Amazon isn't carrying them anymore and not living in the U.S. really limits where I can find products. I'm so disappointed, Amazon!My daughter was developing chemical burn on her bum from standard wipes (tried four or five all natural, pure and free brands) and we had to use cut up fabric and water to clean her - it was the only way!

Thankfully a friend recommended these to me! Saved my sanity going out of the house!!!!

AND really is pure and free!My 13 month old son has very sensitive skin and has eczema and gets rashes very easily. We have tried many different types of wipes and these are the only wipes that don’t irritate him!I love these wipes! These do not burn the bottoms as I use it for myself. I could not handle the 'other' brands of wipes with the ingredient Phenoexyethanol in them as I was breaking out in red irritation and blisters. In Googling this ingredient, I found out more about the blisters. Putting these wipes in a permanent wipe box will help it to come out more easily.Not compatible with wipe warmers (one wipe doesn't follow the other through the slot). Extremely overpriced and very thin. Look elsewhere!The wipes are nice, however almost impossible to keep moist, as there is “no reusable” container. Once you open the pack that’s it. No way to re-seal it.Love water wipesI like that these are free of chemicals. I use these on my daughters face/hands. When used for diaper changes- they don't wipe off well. They're smooth, there is no ridges or texture to them so you have to use a lot to get the area clean so it takes a lot of time and I'm using more wipes than I would like to... 9 packs of 60 count went really fast.Bought as a baby shower gift. The mom loved themIm in love with this wipes, i tried couple other trusted brands and none of them i liked as much as Water Wipes. i read couple reviews about mold but i never had this problem, they don't have any unpleasant or chemical smell, they feel soft and moist (water moist!). I use them since day one on my little one skin and never had a rash or redness.Not very soft wipes, after using other brands, and thinner. They are also very wet. Much wetter than other brands. I love that they are just water and grapefruit extract but to me not worth the price. I would rather just make my own for the natural wipes.Never any irritation. Consistently outperforms other wipes on the babies in our extended family.Buena calidad precio, demasiadas toallitas por paquete, hace que las ultimas se resequen por mucho que se cerre bienLove these wipes. No fragrance added. I like that these are made with water. Used these for over a year on 2 infants/toddlers and neither one of them ever had even the slightest diaper rash. These are the only baby wipes that I will useA must for adults with sensitive skinAunque no son muy gruesas son perfectas para limpiar a los niños, especialmente cuándo están rosados de su colita no les arde. Y les cuida su piel. Para limpieza femenina también son excelentes porque no contienen alcohol. Son de agua.
Si alguien en la familia se rosa son perfectas para sanar lo rosado.One of the best product for baby . Have had rushes.My baby had diaper rush for a while and I was trying to find some less chemical wipe so I came across this one. I am glad that I did not purchase the large quantity pack.

Really not sure how this product get so many amazing reviews 🤔

1. The wipes are very small.
2. No textures and does not pick up poo (when you need them most) very difficult to use it to scratch the bum...
3. The wipe does not open itself up while pull out from the tub. (Which is a big issue when you are dealing with poo... you only have single hand to do the job while your other hand need to control the baby not stepping on her own poo...)
4. The wipe does not pull out continuously (not sure how to describe but you have to dig your dirty fingers “into” the tub each time you need a wipe and you really don’t want to get poo inside)

I wonder how this product get good reviews...?! Very disappointedThese are fantastic for small babies, like those that aren't on solids yet. I love the ingredients and how soft the wipes are. However, no texture makes clean up harder. Still, I wish I had known about these with my first kid. I think we would've had a lot less frequent rashes. Definitely recommend for little babies!Love that these wipes don't have harmful/ irritating ingredients. My little guy has very sensitive skin, even wipes like babyganics would make his bottom red. These wipes are a good size, have a VERY light non chemical pleasant scent and don't dry out quickly when in wipe warmer. Great for messy faces, and above all no irritated bottoms.Pricey for what they are but by far the best wipes we've used. You can actually rinse and reuse for small clean-up jobs as these are fairly thick and made very well. We've been using water wipes from day 1 and haven't had any issues with rash or irritation. The only (common) complaint is that the wipes may stick when they're pulled out, so you'll have an extra wipe to deal with.These are great wipes, a bit thin, but I love that they are only water. The problem is that they are packaged in a really cheap way and they dry out because the closing flap doesn't stick for long. They're also hard to separate, which is a pain when changing a baby, so I've switched to Pampers Sensitive Wipes, which are thick and WONDERFUL to use for babies.I received my order in November and noticed the packaging was different, but didn't think anything of it. After reading reviews of this product being 'fake' I bought Water Wipes from Target & compared the two side by side. I noticed there IS a difference in the packaging, smell and the wipe itself. I'm also very disappointed in the fact that I bought these wipes in November and the packages say they expire in 01/19!These are amazing!Love these wipes but writing this review to thank amazon for whacking a label directly on the package or wipes and not wasting another box to put this box in! Thanks Amazon!We've been using Water Wipes for 18 months and love them. Our son, like me, has very sensitive skin and he has had almost no rashes his whole life and I attribute it to these wipes. I use them for everything from cleaning him up after meals to diaper changing and even use them for wiping off my makeup. My only complaint is I wish it was easier to pull them out of the package, especially toward the bottom. But it is nice to not have to carry around a wipe box. We've never had a moldy package or skin reaction to this product.These wipes are the best. Hands down. Before we went to these, we tried different types of pampers wipes and eco-friendly wipes, and they almost always gave our daughter a rash. She doesn't really have very sensitive skin, but for some reason, be it the perfume or the ingredients in the wipes, she would always get a rash. So we heard from a friend to try these, and they are awesome. They're a bit more expensive, but so gentle on her skin that it's worth it. Mostly water with a little fruit extract, they seem to clean very well and hold together very well. The bulk packaging is the best way to get these, since the individual packs only have 60 wipes in them. We probably go through a case of wipes every month. But again, if our daughter is happy... We're happy. :)There great. Buy all the time.Absolutely love these wipes. Perfect for sensitive skin newborn. Highly recommend.I am using these for the last 3 weeks for my newborn. I didn't want to use thise chemical wipes for my newborn. So I was thinking to use the dry disposable cloths with water (like they do in the hospital). But that would be hard for late night changes and for the times we would be out. This product solves it all. It is 99,9% water and soft on my baby's skin.I love how moist these are. Clean easily and efficiently. Have already gone Through m an entire case. Just ordered a second batch. Can’t see using any other brand.These are not the same water wipes that are sold at babies r us, where I previously bought all my water wipes for my 18 month old. These are noticeably smaller and drier. I need to use several for a messy diaper. I am very disappointed in this purchase and angry that Amazon is making a mom's job harder by selling this faux product. Buy these at babies r us!I bought these for my mom to use. My sister also takes them and adds lysol to make them disinfectant wipes.I think these are great. They work well. My baby has sensitive skin and these have not caused any sort of problem. They seem to be wetter than most wipes but that doesn’t bother me.Awesome wipes every parent should be using these wipes. Chemical free what more do you want. It wipes great and the sizes are perfect, but like the other reviews, there is a problem sometimes when taking out the wipes, sometimes you can remove 2 wipes at a time. I guess that could be a problem when these wipes are pretty expensive.I love these wipes! They are a little bit more expensive but you save money in the long run. The wipes are so moisturized that it cleans your messes woth just one wipe.I thought I was getting individual packages of wipes but thankful these were still in stock.I love that there are only 2 ingredients in these - so great for my twins’ sensitive skin! It’s the only wipes I will use.So far these are my new favorite wipes. We previously used earth's best wipes until they recently changed their formula. The only thing I would change is I would make these wipes slightly larger...just a little tiny bit. The consistency, wetness, and functionality of these wipes are all great and can be used for more than diaper changes without worry since the ingredients are all natural and gentle.Best natural wipes on the market. We were dealing with severe diaper rash shortly after our daughter's birth and these are the only wipes that her little bum could tolerate. They're more expensive but worth it in my opinion. We've been using them for a few months now and plan to continue. One suggestion: they are sometimes difficult to pull out of the package. We found that the OXO tot PerfectPull wipes dispenser works great with these.Fake. Not the real brand. Scam.These are my go-to wipes for baby. Tried some other that were 99% water, tried Kirkland, none do as good a job cleaning nor have they created any rash in the diaper area. I think they are moist enough, however I use a wipe warmer and sometimes add just a little more water over the stack..cleans even better that way. no complaints.the wipes work great. No scent and they stay wet too even after they are opened.We’ve come away from waterwipes a few times over the years to save pennies but always gone back. They seem to work better and my little boys never gets diaper rash when I used these unlike other big brands.I brought these to my trip to Guatemala , they were a life saver, not only did they wipe fruit but they also served as wet wipes for myself when I was unable to shower! They were used so much, great addition to any backpacking or camping.Decent price for basically the only wipes that don't have 8 million chemicals in them.I love that these wipes do not contain any nasty chemicals or anything. My only honest complaint would be that they are a bit small compared to other wipes on the market, so I find myself having to use several per diaper change. It would also be great to see them offer a large bag of the wipes to be used in reusable wipes containers, which is better for the environment.Babies do not need to be slathered with soap and chemicals every diaper change. These are the best all natural wipes on the market. I use these and straight coconut oil for my son's bottom and he never has diaper rash or any irritation. They are odorless and work great for wiping baby's sensitive face as well.These are wonderful. My daughter used to have diaper rashes that could get pretty bad and ever since I started using these she has had ZERO diaper rashes. Thank you WaterWipes!!!Hey may be the purest out there but they're a pain to get them out of the baggie. I need one and 3-4 come out and some are smaller. Didn't cancel my subscription in time so I'll use them for a month more and thankfully my Honest wipes are back so I'll be going back to those.I LOVE these! Pros....these are very thick and cloth like and substantial. I hate those paper thin cheap, inadequate slimy wipes that take thirty of them to clean up a baby bowel movement. I picked some up as a trial at target but they are a better deal on Amazon and I've already ordered a case. Another pro....convenient NATURAL two ingredient product. Thank you, our babies deserve healthy products! Another pro....nicely saturated with fluid so you don't have to scrape a dryish wipe across a soiled bottom or add water to package to get hydration up.

These compare in thickness and durability to the Honest company diaper wipes which both are in the cloth like type disposable wipe category. Healthier ingredients than honest company. Not heavily scented and weird ingredients like Gaia organic ones.

I even used them as personal care post delivery feminine wipes at hospital and they were so helpful not to irritate sensitive skin and drag on stitches.

Highly recommend this product so far.GoodMy one complaint is that these don't have a flip top. The package tells you not to transfer the wipes, but then only has the sticker like closure. The adhesive loses its grip before the package runs out. The wipes stay pretty moist but it is difficult to get one out at a time. I love the actual wipes but hate the packaging.My child has very sensitive skin. She broke out in a rash from all other wipes, even ones labeled as free and clear and hypoallergenic. These are the only wipes that do not cause irritation.You end up using lots of wipes because they are stuck together when you pull them out and it takes a lot of effort to separate them whilst changing youe baby. Good wipes, bad packaging.Used everydayLove these for my little man. He is 8 weeks and no diaper rash. I dowish they had a better packaging system that allowed them to come out one at a time and easily. I always get a few everytime and have to stuff them back in. But they stay incredibly wet and are soft.I usually buy the 720 box, for .05 cents per wipe. I thought it was 3 boxes not 3 packages...
I in a rush thought these were cheaper. they certainly are not

these are .33 cents a wipe...Although they may be more expensive than other wipes, they are worth every penny. They clean up everything so easily.I love waterwipes. They are basically water and fruit extract. It is nice that they don't have any smell to them and clean perfectly. The only problem is that they can't go in a warmer if you want them to be in one, but that is not too important to me. I will buy them again (I am on my 3rd box).These were advertised as flushable, and when we received the package clearly indicates that they are not flushable.When my daughter was born, she would get reoccurring diaper rash despite every attempt to keep her clean and dry. I used many of the "natural" and organic brands hoping that the absence of chlorine would solve it. However, those eco brands still had fragrances and chemicals that irritated her skin. After some research, I found these wipes and gave them a try.

These are the best wipes on the market, hands down. My daughter has not had a diaper rash in about 6 months.

Pros: made with water and fruit extract, as close to a pure water wipe as you will get. The wipes are soft and versatile. Because they don't have harsh chemicals, I can use them to wipe hands and mouths clean. My daughter hasn't had a diaper rash in months thanks to these wipes. They are gentle yet get the job done. No scent.

Cons: the packaging is awkward. It comes in a plastic bag pack with a sticker seal. The sticker seal can come off after multiple uses and that can get messy if the water seeps out. They advise you not to store the wipes in anything other than the original container. I didn't take heed and I noticed mold on the wipes a few days after moving them to a reusable container. I've never noticed mold on the wipes in their original packaging but they do have an short expiration date. My guess is that's because it doesn't have preservatives in them like other wipes. I don't mind that so much. My last nitpick is that the wipes can clump so you end up pulling out much more than you need. It's not very cost effective since the wipes are pricier than most.

Despite some of the packaging flaws and higher price, I will continue to buy these wipes because of how gentle, yet effective they are.Best baby wipes everWon’t glide over babies skin like other wipes but you have no chemicals here. Very expensive please lower the price! Otherwise this is great for those who want their baby to not have chemicals absorbed into their delicate skin.Awesome makeup remover and muddy paw cleaner!All other diaper wipes including the sensitive skin ones caused diaper rash on our little one. We switched to waterwipes and have not had a problem since. They are a little expensive considering all that is in them is water, but worth it for the piece of mind.Sure these are pure wipes but they are so watery/wet that it’s freezing for the baby. They come out in clumps as well not just and easy pull out of one wipe at a time. Way too expensive for what they are.These are fine I just don't think they are worth the price point for what they areDO NOT USE ANYTHING ELSE ON YOUR SWEET BABY'S SKIN. THIS WILL NOT CAUSE A RASH LIKE ALL THE OTHER BRANDS. THE BEST WIPES FOR THE $Amazing! Love that there is no chemicals. My baby gets diaper rash anytime we use normal wipes, so these are great. I know they are a bit more pricey than other wiped but they are 100% worth it. Only issue is sometimes more than one come out.Since these wipes are mostly water based they are very wet and cold compared to normal wipes. But we love how gentle they are on our little one and she has gotten used to them.This is the only one i use to clean my baby's mouth. Very good product.These are great. I have had no problems with mold, and we have multiple packs open at a time. I use them on everything from her bum, face, high chair, hands, clothes. The absolute best. Before these we used earths best, and i liked those wipes as well, but the definitely surpass those wipes. Will continue to buy these wipes.We started out using a name brand sensitive wipes, and they were good but our baby was getting diaper rash. As soon as we switched to these--no diaper rash ever. We ran out and had to use the sensitive wipes again, diaper rash came back. We are now devoted users of these wipes. Worth the extra cost in our opinion.Worked great for my newborn!!
Soft and no harmful scent!!
Definitely recommend!!Used to love these, but they've changed. Besides having shrunk, they are less moist, and stick together. They are SO hard to pick out - you get like 20 each time you try to pick one. Definitely more wastage. So sad - loved using clean no-chemical wipes. Will have to figure out what to do next.Size reduced, so disappointed. Been using these for almost two years and always happy. I have to use more now for #2 changes, so I am going through them quicker while paying the same price, and worse, it barely covers my hand now, yuck : ( Looks like other people are noticing this as well. Hopefully the company notices people not being happy with this and change back to the larger size.Why use wipe with chemicals? I will only use these on my daughter pure water and fruit extract as a preservative. Think about it we don't put chemicals on ourselves so why on a baby? If you ever looked at what's in other wipes there are over 50 different things listed! Doesn't seem safe to me! Go with water wipes the safest choice!These are so great. They don't smell, don't irritate my babies bum and are very well priced. I like that they feel like they are literally water without all the perfumy stuff.

I have ordered them 3 times.Water wipes are a must!! Ditch those pampers wipes and all other that are not water wipes. No chemicals and that's what you want for your baby's sensitive bottom. These are the only wipes I would also you for myself, which I totally do ;) These are straight fire.These baby wipes are relatively small, have no texture to get the job done, are too wet and the bag they come in dispenses the wipes horribly (either digging 1 out that's still folded up or 10 stuck together). The sticker that seals the package shut is terrible and doesn't adhere after a few uses (probably because of the excess moisture from the wipes). This makes them leak in diaper bags. The only benefit is they are chemical free. Great concept, but terrible execution. Very disappointed because I really wanted to like these.Very wet. Which is good and bad
Thin to the point I use 3 or 4 to equal the thickness of 2 Wal-Mart brand baby wipes (which is my favorite economically priced baby wipe.) The stretch of the wipe before it tears is good but they are so thin that wiping with them you.might poke a hole in them unless you double or triple them up. Overall if they were thicker and a little lower priced I'd use them again.Nice quality wipe for the money. Sometimes hard to get out and I end up having to shove some back in. Very nice for helping clear up diaper rash.The only wipes I can find that don't have a million ingredients and don't smell of chemicals. The only two cons are the fact that they don't dispense well out of the package (constantly fighting to pull only one out at a time) and I wish the wipes were a little more saturated. Other than that, they are a good alternative to cloth wipes when out of the house.Box came in opened and resealed with tape. Wipes came in packs of 3 but I only received 9 packs. Missing 3 packs of wipes.So I kept thinking these were too expensive for my family to afford, but finally, after reading MANY articles about the atrocious chemicals, parabens, artifical fragrences - ETC - in other brands and their ties to all sorts of horrible aliments, we bought them and THANK JEEBUS.

They're thick, moist and my family appreciates the efforts of the company to make a product with the health of people's children in mind (something you'd think would be a given, but apparently not!)

And while I was worried about price, we actually ended up saving money! I got them in October and we're finally on our last pack today! So that's 2 and a half months they've lasted us with 3 children - a toddler and twin babies! Whereas with Huggies and Pampers the cheap price that was attracting us ends up being more! We easily go through the 600+ bulk wipes on Amazon in 3 weeks. It may not seem like we're saving much but every little bit helps, and we're also very conscious of what is in the products we use on our children.

As happy as were though, nothing is perfect. The cons we found, like other reviewers said, is that they do clump together and pulling them out of the packets is a pain in the arse! When one of my kids had a big mess, wrestling with the packet was very obnoxious. We avoided thay by pulling wipes out ahead of time. Also, some of the wipes, but not all, are way too wet and they can get sloppy.

We're fans and will definitely purchase again.The product is great but it’s very difficult to pull just one wipe from the container. We constantly pull out more than we need and the pack does not stay shut after a few times of being openedThe best baby wipes! I don't get why no one uses these. At least I don't know a single person who uses them besides me. My son rarely get diaper rash and since these are just water, and not chemicals, it really cleans his skin and keeps it fresh. I also use it on his hands and face without worrying about his sensitive skin. I won't use any other wipes.Loving these gentle wipes. They are very saturated tho which I suppose is good cause they will not dry out. You can squeeze and lots of water drips out. I use them for wiping ink when applying permanent make up (tattoo).At LAST! A wipe for adults that doesn't have a long list of toxic irritating ingredients. Have been looking for this for a long time. It is VERY gentle and thorough- plenty moist. Two ingredients: water and a fruit extract as preservative.Love these wipes! They are very "wet" and clean well. They are definitely pricier than most other brands but very well worth it considering it is just water and grapefruit extract. I have been recommending them to all new mommies. Wish they had them a few years ago! (or that I knew about them)Cleans beautifully! My baby daughter is now 7 months and she hasn't ever gotten a diaper rash or irritation from this product. I don't ever use Aquaphor, and I feel it is due to the simple, or chemical free, ingredients that make up this product. Great product👍Easy to pack. Cleans well. Not sticky.Our 6 month old gets diaper rash easily and ever since we have used WaterWipes we haven't had any issues. Because they are so gentle, I am also able to use them on his face an hands with no issues. These are the only baby wipes I will purchase now.I hate all the other wipes that are primarily chemicals. LOVE these wipes and will buy again and again!! Will definitely continue recommending them to new moms!!Wish they were softer in textureShe love themThese are pricy but they are the best wipes and the only wipes that haven’t eventually caused me skin irritation. I tried seventh generation for a bit to cut $$ but seventh gen eventually dried my skin and caused discomfort. If you are looking for pure, this is the only wipe that keeps it 100% pure. Highly recommend.These wipes are amazing! My little developed a bad rash/reaction from Huggies "sensitive" wipes so I ordered these as an alternative. He had no negative reactions and the case has lasted for several months. I am about to reorder them again. Highly recommend!These are knockoffs with chloride.
The original water wipes are chemical free.
These ARE NOT chemical free.
Packaging and all is different.
Waste of $$$$$ and has caused endless rashes on my sensitive baby’s bums.
These are NOT the water wipes we know and love, people.
Fake fake fake
RIP OFF rip off
Do not buy!A quality product, compare with others.I've been using these for 3 years now. I won't use other wipes. These are the bestJust what I expected. My son doesn't break out in rashes with these wipes, and they're moist enough to clean him thoroughly.My son has eczema and these are the only wipes I’ll use with him and his brother. Would definitely recommend over huggies and pampers wipes.We love it and cannot try the other baby wipes!We've been buying these exact sames wipes for nearly 2 years now and this is the first time I've had this issue. One of the 12 packs in the box was completely empty. We love these wipes, was just disappointed to see that we didn't get everything we paid for.These wipes are great... they are soft, they don’t have any odor, and they work well with the wipe warmer. I was worried after reading the recent reviews, but I bought them anyway because they were the only ones available at the time. I’m glad I did because I didn’t have any issues.The box of wipes arrived just fine and product is as described. However, the box was part of a ‘lot’ produced in March 2017 and expires in Jan 2019. This would be fine except we are only 2.5 months away from Jan 2019 and I don’t think we will get through all the water wipes before they expire. Be aware if you care about expiration dates!When buying these one should be aware that they are 99% water. I wasn't at all impressed.Go for it. Must have in baby registries and newborn purchases. Go for the larger bundle as that saves money.Love these wipes. Perfect for sensitive skin. No weird smells. Only problem is they come out weird sometimes. Like 5 will come out at once. Also the package doesn't secure well after opening. Just needs better packaging.I really like these wipes. I tried them when they were on a lightning deal and will buy again. I don't know why I waited so long!I buy these all the time for my 5 month old. First time buying a 12 pack which is great! I can space out getting diapers, wipes, etc which feels like I'm saving money. Not sure if I am saving money but it helps being able to not buy wipes so frequently with this 12 pack.These are great! Super soft, super wet, and don't have a chemically scent. I may have to switch permanently to these after trying them.Absolute favorite wipes. They stay moistened even if you accidentally leave the flap open and work great as an emergency makeup wipe! Only complaint is they don’t come out as easy as they could from the package. So I usually pull a few out prior to undoing baby’s diaper.These are great, but seriously overpriced.
The packaging could be a lot better, they use a flimsy sticker to seal the pack, easy to not close properly and dry it all out. I wish Costco would make a better version of this product...My twins where in the nicu n they used these n i was inlove with them other wipes would break my babies out these dontThese work as well if not better then most of the major brands but they are cheaper, not a bad choice.I have used these wipes on both of my kids who have sensitive skin and eczema. Love them! Since it is 99% water these are also great for cleaning messy hands, faces, clothes, counters and everything else that gets dirty (and with kids that's pretty much everything).Love the product but this particular shipment came packed in postal service shipping bags not the packaging in the product photos.It works. It’s not that thick but it does the job. I have sensitive skin and haven’t had a reaction to it.Just OK. Since they are just water, they don't actually clean that well. They are OK for very small messes (like wiping a baby's face) but not as good as other wipes for bigger jobs (like a baby's bottom). Wipes are difficult to get out of the package one by one and some come out very wet, some less wet. In addition, the wipes have tight expiration dates. The wipes in our box of 9 packages had three sets of expiration dates, the first of which was only 30 days from delivery. (Evidently, the wipes can go moldy past a certain date since they are so "pure" and contain no inhibitors). By the way, "pure" does not mean good for the environment - these wipes are actually plastic and not biodegradable. There are much better wipes out there (made of bamboo) that are also better for the environment.My kids are bigger now but still my favorite! Love to keep them around the house and in the car to wipe anything and everything without worrying about chemicals.I buy those all the time. This is the best oneThe company has changed the packaging since the multiple times i have ordered in the past. The plastic they use to cover the opening doesn't stick, it also doesn't keep the packet closed, and each packet leaks into whichever bag it is in... ive had sopping wet luggage and anything else that is near to the wipes, even if they havent been opened. Very disappointed as i was a big fan of this product!Great wipes they worked well with my baby and he has sensitive skin. They’re a bit too wet at the bottom. I’d suggest using a wipes box to put them in so the wetness can be mixed in with the all the wipes.These are great for adults too! A great way to freshen up, and they work great for a “sponge bath” and face wash when we go camping. I also purchased them as baby shower gifts to go along with a cute outfit.We appreciate these amazing wipes. Fantastic for anyone sensitive to fragrances. Ten hearts from me!Good product!I haven't had a problem with these.I have used these for over a year now and have never looked back. I switched brands after Honest products were recalled and am so glad we did. These are the best all natural wipes and have no noticeable smell. We order monthly.We LOVE these.

Do you wipe your toosh with chemicals? No. So why wipe your baby with a chemical laden toosh wipe? These are the ultimate "organic" baby wipe and they always get the baby cleaned up. And, at 4 mos old, I am proud to say the baby has never had any diaper rash.The simples change in the design of the wipes (the plastic opening on the wipes package) makes a big different. Before it was more like a sticker, now its a harder plastic, but not as much plastic as Pampers wipes. The wipes themselves are great as usual. No issues.These are the best wipes hands down! Makes diaper changes easy for you and comfortable for baby. Will not waste time with any other wipe again! TRY THEM, you won't regret it!I love these wipes! Soft, strong, and free from harmful chemicals and detergents. No diaper rash here! I've been using them on my baby for over 8 months, and I haven't had any issues with visible mold or mildew smell, but I live in a dry climate. They don't pop up like other wipes because you're supposed to reseal the package to keep them fresh. Sometimes I get a wipe that's wrapped around another one, so I accidentally pull out two, but I just shove the extra back inside.Wipe ingredients are right on, however wipes are thin and small hard to handle and get out of package. And they are expensive. For thin cheap cloths with water & grapefruit extract in them you think they could be priced better.Such a great alternative to the chemically laden options out there. I feel good using these and don't worry about yucky bad for you ingredients!Best baby wipes hands down. These are saturated in water so you are easily able to wipe away things... let's be honest - poop. Also great for cleaning sticky hands and faces. My baby has never had diaper rash EVER and is 10 months old. I was encouraged to use these by a friend who said she never had issues with rashes either. Avoid the chemicals in other brands and go with these. No weird scent of any kind.This is what I been missing. It took me about 5 months before I found the perfect wipe for a newborn with sensitive skin.These are the only wipes that keep my babe’s tush looking fresh, clean, and rash free!Love these wipes! I’ve used these since my baby was born. He’s 7 mos and we’ve only used this brand.

Note: I’ve never had an issue with them getting mold at all.Great for sensitive skinThese are the best wipes. Less ingredients and actually stay wet and fresh unlike other wipesbest wipes !they are cheaper on here than at my local kroger. i love that they are not scented, my son has never had a problem with them. great wipes!These wopes are great. They just seem more natural/softer than the other brands. They stay moist for a long time. I realy like tge fact that they r only water and fruit, couldn't ask for better. I ordered more than once and had no problem. Only complaint would be the opening tape it's kinda hard to stay taped after opened I usually just flip the package on the front when laid down to keep it clised and keep.I’ve bought these wipes for my grandson since he was 8 months. He’s now 2 and I still use them. I did not get them originally from Amazon but Amazon has the best price.
They clean very well and cause no irritation.I love these wipes. They leave you feeling fresh because of the amount of wetness it has. There is no scent. The only thing is that they aren’t sturdy and they move around too much when you wipe but overall I would recommend if that’s not a huge issue for you.This count of baby wipes is perfect for a month or two. My baby had no issue using these as an infant.We LOVE WaterWipes. The price for the 12-packs can't be beat on Amazon.

The only things we'd change:
1) We wish that WaterWipes were compostable. We suspect that it's not a possibility to make water wipes out of a compostable material due to the nature of the product, but we wish it were.
2) Amazon's packing/shipping of the product stinks. We've ordered these twice from Amazon, and both times the wipes were not packed carefully. The result is that the WaterWipes leak, and the box is soggy and wet when we get it. Boo. Amazon basically puts the box of wipes in another box with a few air packs and sends them off. Amazon, there has to be a better way.

While it's not necessarily WaterWipes' fault that Amazon is packing/shipping them poorly, we have to ding them 1 star. It's enough to make us reconsider ordering them online from Amazon, even though the price is better, because we're not super comfortable using wipes when the package has been compromised and has leaked.love these wipes!!! so nice to have found wipes that do not smell alcohol-y or perfume-y. the only downside to these wipes are that it gets hard to pull just one out (i think they aren't stacked properly) so every now and then i would pull and get a whole bunch of wipes in one go.They do just what you need with no detergents or nasty chemical smells.Regular "sensitive" wipes were still giving my baby an awful rash so I had to wash the lotion off them with water before using. It got so much better right after I switched to these Water Wipes - am very happy. Wish I had them with my baby #1 whose skin was even more sensitive.These are expensive, but really great!
I used to get rashes, even with the "sensitive" wipes. Now everything has cleared up. I would definitely recommend these for sensitive behinds. The only problem is they don't fold real well for that second wipe. Oh well.....I like the idea of these wipes, less ingredients. The ingredients are the only good thing about these wipes. The wipes are tiny, thin and slimy and difficult to pull from the package. Cleaning up a poopy diaper with these is ridiculous.With my 2nd baby and still using this wipes love them they never dryNot just water = chemicals addedGood productWe've been using these wipes since my daughter was a couple weeks old and developed a diaper rash, which the pediatrician said was from the chemicals in the wipes we were using, even though they were organic wipes. He told us to use just water on cotton balls, and eventually we found these which are much more convenient. She's been using them for two years, and I have no complaints.It's great knowing we're not wiping our child constantly with carcinogenic chemicals. We love how healthy these are.I’ve used these for years and they are used in all of our bathroom fir adults and kids. These are great!I wish I had these 13 years ago when my son was born. He has super sensitive skin and reacted to every baby wipe out there.
Now my youngest seemed to be reacting to wipes as well and I saw these at my friends house and knew I had to get some for my baby.
I love them!Great for sensitive skin.Excellent for super sensitive skinI love these chemical free wipes. My grandson doesn't mind me using them on his face or bottom. I also use them for a toddler music class where there could be allergies with other children. The leaders and parents like them also.I love these wipes. My only complaint is the material of the wipe- not as soft as other brands (like Honest Company or 7th Generation). I try to use cloth wipes mostly but these are my back up & travel wipes.Very nice towels-great quality! The material is thick but not rough to your skin. Good absorption. I don't usually buy towels online, but this was a great purchase and I wasn't disappointed.👍We only bought these cuz we had no other choice at the time and we need something for our newborn daughter (she was born 3/12/20) ... they got the job done but we had to use some many... I wouldn’t buy these again unless I really had too...I really like this wipes, they are unscented and very gentle on the skin. Yes I would buy againGreat for baby and newborns! The only wipes we usePRO: 1. work great! 2. clean well 3. come very wet/moist
CON: 1. difficult to pull out/many come out at once. 2. wipes are so wet that they cause seal to stop working and/or seal package 3. must keep them in a ziplock back in diaper bag because it leaksThese are the only wipes that didn't break out either of my girl's sensitive skin. I can't say enough how wonderful these are! They have been like a miracle for us.My baby has sensitive skin! These wipes are the only ones we have used that she doesn't have a reaction to. They clean just as well as any other wipe and leave her bum unharmed. We buy them in bulk now to get a better price. The only other option that worked was to make our own wipes, but it seems we just don't have the time with a new baby!I tried every kind of sensitve skin wipe & nothing worked until these. They are moist enough, soft & best of all do not irritate my highly sensitive skin.Best of the best, this is the best wipe for babies specially ones with sensitive skinMy daughter has really sensitive skin and I’ve tried many other brands of wipes but most of them made her skin red and blotchy except for these! They work really well for her and she’s never had any redness or adverse reaction to these. Highly recommended.These are the only wipes I need! Cannot recommend highly enough. I've used these since she was born. My baby had a bad reaction to the most gentle "sensitive skin" wipes when stuck without our WaterWipes. Great for hands & face too. Just check prices for different sizes & sellers.I faithfully used pampers sensitive wipes. I got a sample of these and really liked them. They don’t have the chemical smell like pampers. They are also very wet.Love these for wiping off my sons face and hands after he eats when we go out. He also has very sensitive skin, and they work well. The only bad thing is they are very expensive.Love these wipes! Almost 6 month old son has never had a rash and like the fact they are all water except fruit extract. Cannot believe all the ingredients in Huggies or pampers wipes and these stay wet. Would like for them to have a plastic seal but take the natural ingredients any day. The little seal does fine through the packI’m a tattooed and these wipes are so gentle, clean and refreshing on people’s skin while I tattoo them. I used to use generic, but I tried water wipes at someone else’s shop and now I can’t go back. They’re so much better and so soothing.We started purchasing water wipes on amazon because it was cheaper. The first box we received was fine it was just that a couple of the packaged wipes weren’t as moist/wet as the ones you buy at the store.
The second box we purchased was just fine no issuesBest baby wipes. No irritation. I bring a pack wherever I go.This product is excellent for cleanliness and hygiene. It's degree of moisture is just right.These are great because they don't make my little guys butt red. But they never come out one at a time. No matter how gingerly I grab them, 2 or 3 come out at once. It's annoying. Other than that silly annoyance, they are great!Love these wipes for our baby. No strong perfume or alcohol scent and it stays moist in the packaging. We use them a lot and feel great knowing that they’re made mostly of water. Cleans well and haven’t had any issues so far after 18 months.These have been the only wipes that do not make my baby break out in a rash. HOWEVER, the company recently changed the size. They are now 1.3 inches narrower, and .4 inches longer - thus making them too long to fit into any traditional wipes holder. This is extremely frustrating - at home I cannot use a wipes warmer, and on the go, I cannot put them in the containers that open and close (and the sticky tabs don't work after a bit of use. Please please WaterWipes company can you change them back?!!These are great wipes. No complains about the product itself. However, the way they have stacked their wipes is a disaster at times. When you change the diaper of a little one, that's not the time when you have all the time in the world. You need things to be quick so that you don't irritate the little one by keeping her bottom opened for a longer time. I've either had very bad luck or this the way they stack their wipes is a disaster. Almost every time I try to take one out, about 5 of them come out. While it's understandable that they're going to stick with each other since they're wet, we're paying a premium price for these wipes, so the manufacturer better do something about it. I'm taking one star out for this reason only. Otherwise, these are great.

Like other reviewers have mentioned, these are cold when taken out. So unless you use a wipe warmer (I use the Munchkin one), chances are your little one is not going to enjoy their diaper changes. At least ours doesn't.

Update Dec. 2017: They jacked up the price sometime back and I decided to start looking around for an alternative. I've tried Huggies, Seventh Generation and AmazonEssentials so far and they have their flows. One thing is for sure. Even though the price is high, they're doing it right (if you can afford it). Makes me wonder, how difficult is it to manufacture wipes without a scent and make it natural? I'm going to try Bloom Baby next...Live these. The only ones I use for my DIY clean upThe most natural way to keep baby clean without additional chemicals or skin irritants- works great on sensitive skinLove these. Haven't had a complaint. Used them exclusively for 9 months, since my baby was born.

I have now used these for two years. My daughter has never had diaper rash using these. This alone is amazing. They have never "molded" on me (as a prior review stated). They don't even dry out very quickly.These are a life saver for my grandson who turns red from just about any wipe!!! So glad we came across these. The only ones we will use on him!Least toxic option for all of your wiping needs. Love!!This was a gift for a family member"s little boy who had surgery. The young couple loved them.These are the best wipes. My son has very sensitive skin and these are fantastic. When i used traditional wipes on my sons bottom (with rash) he screamed. I think it had to do with the perfumes in regular wipes. These are pretty much water and so no irritating and I haven't had any melt downs while wiping with these.I love these wipes. When we brought our baby home from the hospital we tried all kinds and brands of wipes and they all gave him rashes. As soon as we switched to water wipes his rashes never came back. I just wish they had a reward program.It's perfect for my under areaSince one month old my baby uses WaterWipes, I never had any issue with it. Last package that I purchased came with a different cloth (a little bigger and with some dots, as you can see on the left wipes in the picture), and it gave my baby rashes. I don’t know if they changed the ingredients or if this different cloth could give my baby rashes.We love these wipes. I wish we found them earlier. Very simple its just a wipe. No need to have extra scents or junk on it. Keep it pure.

...oh and yes they hold up for the BIG and MESSY diapers :)I love water wipes, It’s all I use on my kids. I’ve ordered many times in the past and they’ve been great BUT this last order wasn’t real...they are thin and small with a circle pattern. The REAL water wipes don’t have a pattern. Disappointed. The packaging is identical to real water wipes, beware.I love these wipes. They worked wonder for my son as an infant and his terrible diaper rashes. He's not almost 7 months and we still use them. They're great! I just bought a box for my friend who's having a baby in a few months!Great for babies with sensitive skin. We had used Huggies sensitive skin wipes at the hospital with our baby and when we first got home but the alcohol and other chemicals gave her a diaper rash. After switching to Water Wipes, we've had no diaper rash issues!We absolutely adore these Irish wipes. They are THE best in the world. Period.Baby didn’t have any reactions to these wipes. Soft and moist. Did the job.We love this product. They are gentle and the perfect amount of wet. However, on our most recent order, the wipes came with an expired date of November 2020. Not sure that an expiration really matters on wipes, but a bit disappointed they are sending us expired items.I really am happy to switch over to the water wipes. My kids are a little older and not in diapers anymore - but they were good to have around during potty training and for emergencies. My only comment is that they freeze - unlike the wipes that you get with chemicals - these are really just water, so if you leave wipes in your car (as we do) beware that on frosty days you won't be able to use them!Love the extremely limited ingredients and how wet these are when you use them. It's easy to ring out some excess if needed but nothing's worse than a dry wipe, so these are amazing! Highly recommend.These wipes are fabulous because they contain the only the essential ingredients for a wipe without some of the other junk even "sensitive" wipes have. They also stay wet to the very bottom and aren't too thin or too thick. I've been using these for many years - from the diaper age and beyond. Never had any irritation. They recently redid their open tab to be more sturdy.I won't use any different brand of wipes on my baby. This by far are the best! They are thick, no sense and gentle to my baby skin. I actually use it to wipe his hands and face, not just for his diaper change. I totally recommend this brandgood water wipeI wouldn't use any other wipe. My baby has NEVER gotten diaper rash while using this wipe. He only had diaper rash as a newborn once when we were using the wipes provided by the hospital. NEVER again will I use anything on my baby other than these wipes. TOTALLY worth the extra cost.It’s defiantly for sensitive skin. Way better than other brand. Only contains water and fruit extract. Not like others containing all these fragrances.these wipes are fine, they get the job done for being non-alcoholic so gentle on baby's butt. Only real complaint is that they are not packaged to easily pull out of the package. They all get stuck together so I often pull a few wipes out accidentally. It's like they're packaged incorrectly or something.These wipes are nearly twice the money if pampers or buggies sensitive, and worth every penny. I have an 8 week old baby and feel so good about using these wipes on her. She has no redness or even a hint if a diaper rash. The name brand sensitive wipes leave a sticky greasy residue and it feels gross on my hands, I hate it on my baby! Even my skeptical husband is on board with the water wipes!Very nice to useThese wipes are excellent! They are completely natural. They are the only brand we buy...Very gentle. Perfect for sensitive skin. Removes makeup with one wipe. Will order againThese things really work. Our daughter started out with these and had no diaper rash until we used others for about a week. Switched back and we could see improvement right away. She has never had another issue since we switched back.I could not love wipes more! When my baby was born, he immediately got a very bad diaper rash. The nurses told me to use just water and make my own wipes. Although I love making things, I didn't have time to make wipes with a new baby. These are so great and my baby rarely ever gets any rashes and I feel good knowing he is not getting wiped with chemicals all of the time.These are the only wipes we use! It's good to know I am not putting any un-needed junk (the crap ingredients in other wipes out there) on my baby's most sensitive areas! Like other reviewers said, they do sometimes come out a bunch at a time - but it's really not a big deal for us.It's good moisturize skin no rush after this productMy daughter used these since there were no wipes at the store . Thought they were goodThe Water Wipes brand are awesome quality wipe. Fully hydrated and thick to handle the task.Water wipes are an excellent product for babies with very sensitive skin. They work great, unlike most wipes (even ones labelled as sensitive), and our son has never adversely reacted to them.

The only complaint I have is that they don't pull out of the packaging as easily as other brands like Pampers.I bought these after seeing that my go to wipes (Earth's Best) had changed their formula yet again. These are smaller, less moist, and thinner than the Earth's Best wipes (at least the ones they used to make). These are more similar to the 7th Generation wipes in size, moisture content, and thickness. I'd say they are absolutely perfect for newborns, although I'm using them on a toddler. These work just as well as Earth's Best or 7th Generation wipes, and without all those extra chemicals! These wipes basically prove that the extra ingredients in other wipes are unnecessary. Some people have suggested using regular paper towels with water, but I have yet to find paper towels that are as durable as these wipes. I would think that regular paper towels would fall apart too easily when used on a baby's bottom. We have been using these for two months and have not noticed any issues with mold. These are my new favorite wipes. They are the best!Water wipes are the only wipes I use on my kids. They are moist enough to get their butts clean and safe enough to use on their face. My second daughter has sensitive skin, I never have to worry water wipes are gonna irritate her skin in any wayExcellent quality- nice and thick, no horrible chemical scent. Minus 1 star for high price and annoyance from not being able to put these wipes in a wipe warmer to thread through (once you pull a wipe up, the next wipe does not follow... so these wipes are not suitable for a wipe warmer).My son had a really bad diaper rash and these wipes were the only ones I could use without him screaming. They are super great for sensitive skin. I had gotten a sample of them and loved them so much I immediately ordered a big box of them!I got this because of the high ratings. My baby had bad rash right after I used those wipes. So I had to switch back to pampers sensitive wipes which are even cheaper than this. I don’t recommend those if your baby has sensitive skin.We like the simple ingredients of these wipes. Never had any issue with sensitive skin.Love these wipes! They are the only wipes I've used on my boy since he was born. I thought I would make my own organic wipes but when you are a new mom, let's be real "I ain't got no time for that" I guess though I never check for mold so will be more careful after reading all the issues with mold.Serves my purpose very well. The main problem with this shipment was that it went to my old address and it took me a long time to retrieve it from my former residence. This is my first experience with this type of produce but it fills my needs. Some type of dispenser would be helpful.I bought these for my newborn because they are chemical free, they have worked great and no rashes or issues on my babies skin. I do wish they were a little cheaper and easier to get out of the package but other than that they are great wipes.The best we have ever tried. Too bad they are so expensive. We just can't afford to buy them all the time, BUT if we could we would.This is my second 4 pack order. Quick delivery.Use it for literally everything unfortunately they’re not flushable which I prefer.This is great. My daughter has very sensitive skin and, when I started her on solids, ended up with a rash around her mouth. She would also get horrible diaper rashes when teething. This helps a lot, it doesn't bother her skin at all. Added a little aquaphor and I was good to go!These came with a sticker saying “during these challenging times we changed the fabric of the wipes”. I’m not sure what a virus has to do with fabric but they gave my baby a rash and it’s not what i ordered.These wipes have caused no irritation. I love that there are only two ingredients. I won't use any other wipe.Best for babies.My son is extremely sensitive skin. These are the only ones we have ever used. Anything else will make him break out on his bottom or anywhere else that we use a wipe.These wipes are my favorite!! Especially for newborns. You just never know how sensitive they may be. True they are pricy but it’s worth it! They don’t have any chemical.Started using this after my newborn had terrible diaper rash and haven't stopped since. My only complaint is how the opening is designed for the way the wipes get removed. the hole is too small once you get about half way through the package to get them out not in a large clump. Just a design flaw in my opinion.Perfect wipe with no added artificial anything!!I really like these. I feel like they are gentle and don't have any harsh chemical smell. I like that the ingredients are simple.Our favorite wipes ever we use it for the newborn stage, then switch to something more affordable once baby is less sensitive. Wish it wasn’t so expensive, but we used it for both kids!Good quality wipes...As some other reviews mentioned there is a trace amount of chemical now added to the wipes. Until now my water wipes did not have this chemical but unfortunately something changed. I will no longer be buying.My 3.5 month old hasn't had a single diaper rash - not sure if it is the water wipes or not but I do like them. I feel good using them on her face and other parts of her body as well to give her a quick clean up. They are soft but still strong and have a good wetness to them.Its a great products. Perfect moisture!Fits in the Ubbi baby wipes dispenser. Great moisture though can be a disadvantage if your baby is prone to diaper rash. Ended up buying the CVS brand ultra soft & sensitive baby wipes - less costly, cleans well, less moisture in these wipes, but baby's butt dries quicker before putting on a new diaper.Ive spent hundreds on sensitive wipes for my baby. NONE have actually not irritated his skin.
they are very wet for easy clean & thick enough that my finger doesn't bust through.
I've tried others & always go back to these, price or not. WORTH the money for a non-rashed bottom.baby wipes can be natural, clean, fresh, and safe!!! these are great!! I will order again, recommend, and use for years! I have been looking for the purest, safest items for the baby, and I am thrilled with these - I think they are a great hand wipe for travel as well, and so much better than the chemical filled optionI used these wipes while in the hospital with my newborn son. After using Huggies wipes during his first week home which irritated his skin, I switched to WaterWipes. The wipes are moist, soft, and gentle on my son's sensitive skin.03/07/2018 - UPDATE: I mentioned in my previous review that I didn't notice a significant reduction in size. Well, I must have been lucky to have received "old" batches up until then. Between then and now, I've definitely noticed how much smaller the new wipes are. I'm a little disappointed, but I didn't knock off any stars for it. They still get the job done and are big enough to be multi-functional.

These are BY FAR my favorite wipes! With my oldest, I tried just about every mainstream wipe out there - Huggies, Pampers, Honest Co., Seventh Generation. They all did the job, but what I noticed with the "dryer" wipes, mainly Huggies and Honest Co., was that I felt like I had to wipe harder which is so tough on their delicate skin.

While in the NICU with my second, I was given dry cloths with water to change my sons diapers. It worked wonderfully! After being discharged, I was on the hunt for something with the least amount of additional chemicals, outside of water. Then I found Water Wipes. I love how "wet" they are and how little chemicals/additives/preservatives they contain. Since they're so simple, I don't mind wiping their hands/faces with them either. I've been buying them for almost two years now and I haven't noticed a significant reduction in size - perhaps if I compared them side by side I would, but they still work for my needs!

The only reason I knocked off a star is that I wish they would improve their packaging just a tiny bit. Getting wipes in and out is a pain and the adhesive on the flap quickly wears out, drying out the wipes if you don't use them fast enough.These are perfect and necessary for newborn babies. Just make sure you also stock up on diapers :)Love that these don't have all the harsh chemicals that so many other wipes have. Kids complained that they aren't as soft as the ones they were used to, but they adjusted and are better off with these (I hope)I’m sorry to say I regret to buy this product. Most of the packs that I opened were dry and not wet. Only one of them was very good and I used it, but I’m not gonna use the others.I love that these don't have any added ingredients. I'm a proponent of grapefruit seed extract for it's natural antiseptic/antimicrobial properties. However these wipes are very wet, so not ideal for diaper changes in my opinion. I prefer to use them to clean my baby's face/hands or wipe off her toys.Love these! I’ve been using them for my babies since 2016! Get the job done without chemicals or perfumes. Definitely recommend.Perfect for sensitive babyBaby products are filled with tons of unnecessary, harsh chemicals. Why use regular wipes filled with that when you can just spend a few dollars more and use these awesome wipes! They are great on my little one's sensitive bottom.This is by far the best Idea/Invention. My child had a severe diaper rash from another leading baby Wipe and I immediately stopped using them ordered these and within days the rash was gone. This is a GREAT PRODUCT and I HIGHLY recommend these.I wish I read all these reviews before. Not that it doesn’t give my baby any problem, I cannot use this for my baby’s face now since it’s not chemical free. Yes it’s NOT chemical free!!!! Switching to other wipes.I've turned so many people and new moms onto these wipes. Best choice for your babies skins and there are no granges cra; chemicals, scents.. Just water a the tiniest big of grapefruit extract. Used these on my daughter from the day she was born until now, 14 months later.I love LOVE these wipes! I have been using them for 3+ years with two kids! I have started using them for face wipes for myself, cleaning stains from my couch and even cleaning off leather! Seriously universal and love how clean and simple the ingredients are, it gives me confidence to use on the kiddos!I love these wipes. I started off with the cloth like wipes the hospital gave me which had to be wet t every diaper change and I quickly switched to these. My son has never had a reaction to them and I have never had the mold issue that others have reported. I will definitely keep buying them.Our favorite wipes. 99% water and ambit of grapefruit extract. Don’t have to worry about sensitivity or scary ingredients. Now with baby #2! Only brand we use.Seriously the best wipes out there!!These wipes are simply awesome!!
Yes they are on the pricey end but I decided to go with these at least for the first few months for the soft baby tushy. It has very mild lovely scent and a good closing flap too.I'm so disappointed these gave my baby a rash. I use Huggies sensitive but with the coronavirus is so hard finding sensitive baby wipes and these are not it! Not to mention super expensive!!I feel that these are the only wipes that prevent diaper rash on my sons sensitive bottom. You can use them face, eye boogies and anything else on the body and feel safe about it not having harsh extras in them.Super soft and durable wipes. I used huggies but those always rip. This one is high quality and worth the priceGreat for sensitive skin. Downside is very wet...you can wring them out. Reassuring knowing exactly what is in the wipe.This product is quality for the price.I wanted an all natural wipe that I could use on my son's bottom as well as his hand and face without feeling like I was pouring chemicals on him. I really like these. I bought the 9 pack, have not had any problems with mold as previous reviewers, but I do go through them rather quickly.I’ve been using this product since 2018. I love it because it doesn’t feel sticky like the regular wipes. It’s like taking a wipe and placed it under running water. The only wipes I use.Good on sensitive skin, good value for the price.These wipes are the best!! My daughter has only had diaper rash a couple of times, mainly when she was a newborn and wearing Pampers. They potty so often at that age it's not surprising they get a rash. But these wipes are wonderful. They don't irritate her sensitive skin, they aren't scented or slimy feeling, and the ingredient list is great. Other "sensitive" wipes have at least 5 ingredients and don't feel nice. I like that I can wipe her face or pacifier with these and I know she isn't going to ingest chemicals. I really feel like she never gets diaper rash because we use these wipes and she doesn't wear scented diapers. They're a bit pricey compared to other brands, but well worth it. We will continue to purchase for a long time I'm sure.Bought a few packs from target and then ordered this box after we decided we liked them. The wipes from the box smell completely different than the ones we bought from the store. They have a chemically odor about them, whereas the others didn’t really smell like anything. I’m not sure I feel comfortable using these, I’m worried about their legitimacy.really liked this product was using dove and it is very expensive but this one just saved the dayLove these wipes! Non-toxic and clean nicely. If you are seeking that typical baby wipe smell, these will not work out for you. As titled, water wipes. No fragrance, no harsh chemicals.

I used to buy from another site but now buy from here because it is a lot more affordable. Delivered fast. A+ all around.These do not continuously pull out and it drives me bonkers. I like the idea of being chemical free but the struggle is real when you’re trying not to get peed on in the middle of the night and the wipes don’t being the next one up with it!I love these wipes! They are not scented so they don't leave any weird smell on your baby. They are also the most gentle wipes out there. These are great investment for moms that really care about their baby's skin and don't want to subject it to a bunch of chemicals. I use them for diaper changes and to wipe down my whole baby. They work great even on baby's face.Received the product on 03 Feb 19, but according to the expiration date on the box, the wipes are expected to expire in next 30 days or so. This product was produced on Dec 2017, which is over one year old. For the health and safety of my child, I'm returning this.No more tears during diaper changes for our baby! We started using these when he was first born because he had a diaper rash that wouldn’t seem to go away and he cried when wiped (even with sensitive brand wipes). After a day of using water wipes the diaper rash improved dramatically and no crying when wiped!These are the wipes I've been using since my baby was born up until now (4 months). They are very strong and i like that they are unscented and all natural. My baby has never had diaper rash, possibly because I'm only using these, and I change her diaper frequently. With my 4 month old, a box with 9 packs will last me about 1 month. I removed one star because the packaging could be better - sometimes wipes get stuck to each other and i end up pulling out 2. The other issue is the sticker to close the package usually loses its stickiness before I'm done with the pack, so I have to close it several times to avoid drying. It would be nice if they sold a plastic container that I could buy to put the pack into so I could avoid these two issues. Other than that, I definitely recommend these wipes!bought a case of these to try but they aren't continuous feed so we can't use them with our wow warmer. Decent product otherwise.I Absolutely love these 100% water wipes. I feel confident my child and I are using very natural wipes on diaper changes and hand wiping. You can't beat the bulk ordering. They are a good size wipe and get the job done. My baby and toddlers skin are not irritated by these wipes.We use these everyday for kids bottoms because they are more mild than any other wipe and less irritating than toilet paper. Just a little pricey vs the value brands.I love these wipes. They have only the natural ingredients, so there's no smell or sticky feel. We use them for the bottom, as well as hands and face.

The pack is a bit too big. When it's full, it's a bit heavy to carry around. But I have a separate case so this is not an issue for me.These are the best wipes. They’re more pricey but you use less product with these. No chemicals, no drying out, work the best and always on timeI LOVE MY WATERWIPES! Seriously, I recommend them to anyone that can hear me. Super thick. Super texture. Super ingredients list! Almost two years into using these on now two kids and if I had to list any pitfalls: the adhesive on the lid dies quicker than I’d like and I wish the wipes came out one at a time a little better. Still wouldn’t buy any other brand.Like: natural based products in wipe

Dislike: Packaging- Wish it has a plastic lid for opening instead of clear plastic sticker.BEST WIPES EVER. my baby has NEVER had a rash since ive been using this wipes, sometimes I even use it for my face. so soft, no chemicals and so gentle. I love this wipes so much. I will always buy themPurchased these for a baby shower. They were happy. Great deal for a great product.We love using these wipes on our newborn. Never an issue at all. I only had an issue with packaging because I had a few that were wet upon arrival...I wiped them all down a squeezed to make sure there were no leaks but nothing was leaking but for sure it came from inside the box and not out.I used this for more than 5 years now, but recently the quality has degraded so badly that it is useless. Each wipe is so thin and small, it's almost half of size of before. Time to dump this product, so sad!Bought these to clean the leather on my Louis Vuitton bags. Works amazingGreat delivery speed etc.
Wipes themselves are perfect, great quality, only thing I don't care for is that the wipes often come out a few at a time - but that's really not such a big deal when you consider plastic v biodegradable.My baby gets horrible diaper rashes due to allergies and eczema -- these water wipes are the only wipes that don't make him scream when he gets his diaper changed! They're worth the cost, for sure!Finally a clean alternative to the wipes sold in stores that are full of chemicals! This is as natural as it gets folks! A safe oil and water. That's it. I wish I came up with this idea sooner. I also like the wipes themselves, no funky design on them so they wipe nicer in my opinion.These are the BEST baby wipes! I will not use any other. They are sturdy and always moist. NO need to worry if you're wiping a bum, toy, pacifier, hands or face! The #1 ingredient is water!! No chemicals, no worries!! I use them for myself just as much as the baby. This is why I am on the subscribe and save program for these lol. Don't know what I ever did without them.My son has sensitive skin & got diaper rash with every wipe. His doctor suggested we use a washcloth with soap and water; they were very hard and inconvenient for daily travel. These wipes work just as good!! My son has not gotten any diaper rash from these wipes! They work great!I like the fact that it is all natural, but it is somewhat ineffective when cleaning up after a dirty diaper. The material of the wipe lacks any texture so it is really hard to clean away small solid particles. Now that other major companies are making more natural wipes I believe there are better choices out there for both effectiveness and cost.Great productI have ordered these wipes for the past 2 years consistently. However, this moldy clump was inside of this package. I obviously had to throw the entire package away. Thankfully, I opened these during the day (in daylight) as I wipe my baby with these. I should note they are not expired! I took a picture with the date and everything!I Love These wipes!! All natural and only 2 ingredients. Not like all the other chemical filled wipes out there. I haven't been able to find a good wipe without all those toxic ingredients until I found water wipes! I order the subscription and receive 9 packages every other month!These are my favorite disposable wipes! I buy them monthly. They're the most gentle on my baby's skin, she no longer has rashes from the wipes with chemicals in them! I am so glad I found these wipes and I recommend them to everyone!Great product I definitely recommend!My daughters favorite wipes for baby!Not as advertised don’t pay $17 for 3 individual non-resealable wipes like we did. What an absolute waste.softnessThese wipes are the absolute best. Even without a secure closing top they are much more moist than other wipe brands. The cloth is very soft and not textured which we definitely prefer.(textured wipes seem to be too harsh on our babies bum)
My husband won't use any wipes but these, as they seem to clean much easier than other top brands and without the harsh side effects!Whoa! What’s with the bad reviews?? I have bought these wipes for the past 3 years and love them, I have not experienced anything wrong with any of my orders and I ordered monthly. There are no better wipes !!Love how wet they are but hate that too. They never dry out which is great but the seal gets wet so it doesnt always seal shut. Though, like I said, it still doesnt dry out. And chemical free. My best friend said it's the only wipe her baby son did not break out fromThese wipes will not feed through dispenser.. ive tried everything... Wipe warmer, forget it... They wont even feed through the package they come in!!! So pissed...Other reviewers have had issues with leaky, dried out, or moldy wipes, but I have never encountered any of these. These wipes are very wet, which I like because they actually get the mess off of my baby! I feel good about not adding to the chemicals I expose my baby to when diaperingI purchased these, because I liked that they only contained water and fruit extract. However, I was disappointed to be sent wipes that were manufactured a whole year ago, leaving me just a couple months before the expiration date to go through several packs. I would expect Amazon to send newer wipes for products ordered, especially for products without preservatives like this one since they would have the potential to mold shortly after delivery, and even more especially since these are used on sensitive baby skin.Gentle and effective. Baby has used it since newborn and has never gotten any rashes. Also great to have to clean hands, wipe down surfaces, etcThese are so great!! They are our every day baby wipes. It is so comforting to know that the wipes I'm using on my baby's skin day after day are free of harmful chemicals. The only ingredients are water and fruit extract! My son has a habit of putting wipes in his mouth and sucking on them if he gets ahold of them, and with these I can breathe easy knowing he isn't going to be harmed if he ingests a little.Compré la opción de 12 paquetes de wipes (720) y solo me enviaron 11 , faltó 1 artículo. Creo que el precio es caro para que pasen estas cosas.They don’t smell like much, but they’re supposed to be pretty plain. They work great tough.Very gentle on skin, perfect for my baby as he gets eczema easilyThese are the best wipes! they are sturdy and clean well. Some of the other "natural care" wipes gave my son a rash, but water wipes are great for sensitive skinPerfect for newborns and babies with sensitive skin. When my first 2 were newborns, I actually used warm water and a soft cloth to wipes them off with because their little butts were so sensitive. Well when they came out with the more sensitive wipes I thought that it was great but there was still redness over time and mutilpe uses. I came across these wipes online by accident and knew right away that these were what I needed and it was great to finally be able to have wipes that were mainly nothing but water. My little one doesn't scream anymore when I'm changing her.Perfect for NICU baby sensitive skin. Pampers gave her a huge rash but since switching to the ones they use in the hospital her skin is greatLove that these only have two great ingredientsI have this as one of my subscribe n save products. It doesn’t have any scent unlike other wipes and is super gentle. Also like how few ingredients this has compared to other brands. My baby has sensitive skin and this doesn’t irritate himBest wipes ever for your precious baby’s lil bum!!!
I have only used these for my baby girl and will continue to purchase these for my future babies. Super sensitive and what’s best is that it’s free of harsh chemicals. Who wants to put that on their baby?? No one. Love these.Have been using it for north of 2 months and have worked well. We prefer water wipes over other wipes since we want to avoid all chemicals. Using these in conjunction with bathing the baby every 3-4 days plus cleaning genital area with mild warm water every day has been working well.I love using this with my daughter. I had 2 boys before and I just used pampers wipes with them but with a girl, I have to be a little more picky. No chemicals in this one so I do not worry using this at all for a little girl specially.These are amazing! My son has extremely sensitive skin and these wipes are the only brand we can use without him breaking out or getting a nasty rash. I was using water and gauze for the longest time until a friend of mine suggested these. They are so gentle. I use them to take my make-up off with sometimes.We love these wipes! We have used them since our baby was born. They are very soft on babys skin with no chemicals. The one thing I wish is if they would come out as regular wips in the wipe dispensers. These don't come out. But they do stay moist in the packaging itself and hardly dry outAll over good. No fragrance. Soft and perfect moisture. These are 12.99 for the same pack at Walmart.We LOVE water wipes! The only wipe that doesn't bother my baby's bottom.My son has very sensitive skin and these wipes work wonderful. They are all water so no irritating dyes or perfumes.it is safe and no stimulation.
My son's skin is sensitive...
using a different wet tissue causes a rash.
I always use this one.If your child has sensitive skin, just get these wipes. Don't waste your money on other brands. Every since my baby was born we struggled with his skin. Its very sensitive and any new product would give him rashes.
I started using water wipes when he was 2 or 3 weeks old and I will not stop using them. They work amazingly well. Yea they are more expensive but this is what works for my son's sensitive skin.I love these wipes. They don't irritate my girl's bum, they seem to hold more water, they're super soft, and they don't tear easily. They are however more expensive than the most common ones, like pampers and huggies, but once in a while you will find them at a good price, so take advantage of these sales.Perfect on the go wipes for wiping face and hands. We always have them in the diaper bag and use in the car and mostly at restaurants where napkins just don't clean a toddlers messy hands and face. They work on bottoms too but don't work well in a wipes warmer since they don't pull up easily through the wipes opening. However, for on the go, they are perfect and great for sensitive skin.We LOVE water wipes. My son has no issues with them (he actually had issues with the Honest brand which is suppose to be cleaner) and I don't have to worry about the ingredients. Unlike another brand that says 99% water (they list several other ingredients) these are truly 99% water.after growing tired of buying wipes and rinsing the soap from them before using, I discovered this best kept secret! they're PERFECT! the wipes are large and thick and strong and they don't leave a sticky residue. my baby's butt isn't irritated by these at all. I even use them on his face hands and neck. good price great product. A 5 star buy!Love these wipes. They’re the only kind that doesn’t give our baby a diaper rash. We’ve tried 4 other “gentle” brands.Love that these don't have chemicals. They are sturdy and clean just as well as others. They come out without popping the next one up so it might not work well for dispensers but if you are just resealing the package, it works out fine. Thank you!These are the only wipes that don't give my little one rash so I would love to give them 5 stars however....I have yet to find a reusable case that doesn't leak bc these are so wet. I have to just put them in a Ziploc bag and can't use the wipes holder on my diaper bagThe wipes have changed. We now have to add water to each wipe as they feel significantly drier. Very disappointed with the change and would like to see the old formula back.Good product. Same quality as I bought from target. And cheeper than target!Really disappointed been using these for almost three years! They have now made the the wipes half the size! No idea what they are thinking they no longer work as well! I will be switching to another brand sadly! Sort it out water wipes no parent would pay this amount for a sub par product!!Loving these wipes. They have only 2 ingredients and work well for my baby. I haven't had an issue with drying but didn't give it a 5 stars rating because I wish they were packaged better (i'm sure the price allows for better packaging) for both ease of use and cleanliness. Other than that love these wipes and would purchase again.Did not have any mold issues like some other posters have mentioned. However, I do wish they had a better mechanism for resealing the container. I had issues with the tape resticking to the package after a few uses. Other than that, the product itself is great.Hands down best wipes so wet so gentle never using another baby wipe!I give these as a gift to every new mom! They are worth the expense. I use far less wipes when I use these.These are pricey, but if you have a child with a bad diaper rash it's well worth it. We sent these into daycare when my daughter was struggling with diaper rash and they are far more gentle than any other wipe.LOVE those wipes. Nothing nasty in them. My little one's butt is happy :-)
We have been using them for 7 months now. The only thing I would mention is that the resealable plastic part gets wet from the wipes and doesn't close properly once you use about half of the wipes. The wipes don't dry out, however. I usually just throw the packet in a ziplock bag. Problem solved.They have no scent. They are great on sensitive skin. They don’t rip. Love these!These are like travel size packs. They are very small. Not what I thought I was buying.Excellent product have been buying for years never an issue with mold and without any chemicals. They do seem to be on allotment in that you can only order one case of 9 at a time. Called amazon they don't know the reason for this, perhaps they are just low on stock.Great wipes! The have a good feel to them and soft sweet scent (from grapefruit). Cleans all body parts well. I knocked off a star because of 2 things, they are pricey and very saturated with water....sometimes I had to squeeze water out before using.Best wipes I've found!These are wonderful for the diaper bag as well as convenient for home, especially for babies with tender bottoms that are easily irritated by any kind of baby wipes. Our little guy calms down at diaper changes when we show him the WaterWipes and he knows it won't hurt. Thank you!These are the best! I always used sensitive pampers brand and my sons skin was always red here and there. He got bothered by the wipes when it was red and would scream. After trying WATER WIPES the problem stopped completely. If there is any redness these wipes do not bother him. Very satisfied.This is the product you need to get if your baby’s skin is prone to redness, etc. Its plain water, quality is perfecr, they dont dry up, had trouble with other brands until I found these. give them a try, youll love themI love the minimal ingredients in these wipes, but they need to design the wipe with texture so there is some sort of grip to clean off dirty little bums. I have to use like 10 wipes to change a poopy diaper.The best wipes in the world! Love it! My baby loves it too! Very soft, doesn’t dry up, so so so easy to use my baby’s soft skin.So I’ve order these forever but the last package was different. I buy their biggest package and every single one of them were almost dry.It caused BAD skin irritationNo scent or harmful chemicals. This is the only wipe I can use on my daughter that doesn’t give her a rash. They do the job great. I won’t buy any other brand.I really like these wipes because they don't leave any filmy, greasy residue on your hands or baby's body when wiping. They truly feel like watered wipes, like a wet paper towel. Nicely wet, haven't had any issues with mold or drying out as seen on some reviews. I like that you can use them for any application. Good to keep around in the car for any messes and spills. I have yet to have a diaper rash on my 5.5 month old baby's bottom. I think this definately helps contribute to a clear bottom. I use this in combination with Bambo diapers and love them both. The package opens in the middle with a resealable tab.Not in love. Like that they are natural and mostly water, but I find the wipes are too wet. I always squeeze out excess water before using. I also wish they were textured. Won’t buy again.These are great wipes at a great price. We use these exclusively because my baby has very sensitive skin. These are very gently and have the right amount of moisture in the wipes. This is my 2nd box.I Prefer these over any other brand, they are not as soft as other brands, however I feel confident and confortable to use them for everything.I like these because they don't have a bunch of chemicals in them. The low rating is because they don't dispense easily so sometimes I will get 3+ wipes when I am trying to grab one which ends up wasting a bunch. The package also rips easily so I have to put them in a giant ziplock so they won't leak (they are very wet).The only reason they don't get all 5 stars is because they aren't interconnected so the next wipe doesn't pop up when you pull a wipe. You have to dig into the wipe box every time to get the wipes out. They are hard to pull out.I tried one package of these wipes after seeing them at Target, as the Seventh Generation wipes had been irritating our newborn's skin. Her diaper rash cleared up right away! After this success, I ordered this large package, and glad we are set on our stock of wipes for a while. I am very happy with the product, and especially like that there are no harsh chemicals or fragrances.I love that these wipes are a safe choice for my baby's skin and they work wonderfully but I'm disappointed in how they come out of the package. They are folded over each other but I always have to dig in the package for the next wipe.Good itemI love that there is nothing in these. My baby does not have sensitive skin, but I prefer to not use chemicals on him, so got a case of these to try out.

The problem with them is that they are very sticky but sort of dry. I have to use at least 8-10 of them (as opposed to 3-5 Earth's best) for messy jobs, and it seems like it really isn't cleaning him at all. Of course there's nothing in them, so maybe this is preferred for some people, and all of the stuff that's in even the Earth's best is bad. But I went back to the Earth's best wipes.

Also if you do not close the seal, forget it, they are dried out in hours.My son can’t use other diaper wipes as they cause a rash from the chemicals. These are fantastic. He hasn’t gotten a rash since we started using them. The only complaint is they are hard to get out of the package. Often I try to get 1-2 and 3-4 will come out instead.Love that there is not a lot of ingredients in these wipes. Very moist and not dried out. Use them for everythingBeen using these wipes for almost 3 years now. I am always happy that my son and now 11 week old daughter do not get burnt or end up with rashes from these. Whenever my son gets wiped with anything other than WaterWipes or a cloth wipe and solution he gets bad rash or burn.Even if many other brands brag about their natural ingredients and no-flavors added my wife and I found that these are the only wipes that don't irritate our son's skin. We have a bunch now.I like that these are all natural and very watery. However, the fabric itself is not "grippy" at all; it's slick and doesn't really
Clean well despite the amount of moisture. Wish I could have other fabric wipes with this watery formulation!Love how gentle and natural these wipes are. We used them for first month of baby’s life but, honestly, they are such a pain to take out of the bag that we are changing to different wipes. The wipe you are removing sticks to the wipe below it making it a pain to remove each wipe. Ain’t nobody got time for that!These are my favorite baby wipes for my little girl. She has sensitive skin and they have never bothered her. Also, I've never had a problem with these being too dry.Great value. I use them on an elderly adult, and they clean well. I would buy again.Love these wipes. Love that they don't have all the extra "stuff" in them. Great for wiping my 10 month old's sticky face and hands post eating. I also use to clean his highchair tray and to wipe his teething toys, etc. Feel good that I'm not using chemicals!In my opinion these are the best wipes on the market, because they are nicely moist and do not contain anything but water. My baby has never had any redness or diaper rash. That said I wish the cloth was a bit thicker and more like a real cloth.Soft and gets the job doneLove these wipes they are perfect no issues no complaintsGreat wipes! No nasty additives. No nasty scent. We use these to wipe English Bulldog paws and butts!These work well in the COVID-19 pandemic!! TP is like gold and rare as frog's teeth.No fragrance. Stays wet. Removes well. Does not irritate or sting my baby- not even if come close to eyes to wipe face. Great value if buy big box!Our 3 month old was very sensitive at birth to the wipes. Even the higher end "sensitive" brands. Our pediatrician recommended these and we haven't had a problem since. Well worth the money and they are nice thick cloth so they never rip or soak through. Give them a try!Pricey but have no choices cause pampers sensitive wipes are sold out and my Mar subscription was scheduled to May!!Works great, my kid had a bit of a rash for some scented wipes but we swapped to these and haven’t seen any issues. Only problem with these is that they come out in clumps of like 5, and it only seems to happen when you are attempting to clean up a bomb that you kid set off in their diaper as they are running awayThese are incredible. The best wipes I've ever purchased. I'm a pasty redhead with sensitive skin and my kids are all MY kids.. so wipes just ruin their skin. I've always made my own, but it is messy and inconvenient. This is the only wipe, I've used on newborn skin that does not cause a rash or irritate sensitive skin. I could not recommend more. :)These wipes are amazing. My baby has eczema and they have been working really gently on her skin.Bum bumLove these wipes! No gross chemical smell. No diaper rash. Even feel ok wipping the baby's face with them. The only annoying thing is they are NOT accordian folded. You have to pull out each wipe individually and the next one does not feed out. Super annoying but worth it to know they aren't full of chemicals.These are the best wipes out there! Our daughter has very sensitive skin and since using these wipes she has not had diaper rash and they work great! I will say I do agree with other reviewers and the containers could be better so that we could just pull one wipe at a time because oftentimes you do get multiple wipes.I absolutely love these baby wipes! I’ve used them since my daughter was born and I’ve had absolutely no skin issues. And because it’s water based and fragrance free I use it to clean her slobbery fingers, her underarms and her neck along with her milk warmers and toys.I find they don’t get the mess off as well as the pampas wipes so you tent to wipe more which led to a nappy rash. They also don’t come out of the packet as well as others. Good for wiping random mess but not for poop.Great product. Simple, no scent. They get the job done without harshness to my kid’s bottom~!Love these wipes and they seem to not irritate my little one. However, I wish they wipe was a little larger in size. As the baby grows, have to use more wipes to cover the surface area lolLove the simple ingredients. They taste awful (don't ask). I wish they were folded to pull the next one out each time like tissues as they are thin and hard to grab in a hurry. But I love them for their lack of gross chemicals so I'll keep buying themGreat Product. I feel like this is a very safe product for my LO. They are VERY soft and thick enough to do the job. The only downside is that the wipes don't come out of the bag easily all the time, but I believe that is the lack of products they are made with and to me that is a fair trade.I used to love these wipes until I discovered that it contains benzalkonium chloride, if you read the ingredients it says right there.
Will be switching to something else.
Too badBest wipes hands down!Small, thin, overpriced will not order againOnly wipes we use for my son because he has such sensitive skin. They are the best and Amazon delivered them so quickly it was awesome because we almonds ran out and I ordered last minute got them the next day.We looked for these wipes, because we received them from the hospital where we had our baby girl delivered. They are almost 100% water. The only drawback is that it is hard to get a single wipe most of the time. But that applies to all the moist wipes out there.The only thing I'm upset about is that I didn't know about these with my first and second kids. My new little guy seems to have super sensitive skin and other wipes were just giving him a constant rash. They cost a little more but they are absolutely worth it.Good wipes, great composition. I will take more. Convenient large set, enough for a long time.I really love the waterwipes and it never irritated my little ones skin. But the batch I got from Amazon was mostly dry compared to the local store's version. If you can, buy it from your local store.These are the only baby wipes that will ever be in my house! I love the fact that there are no chemicals used, and I can wipe away with peace of mind. That peace of mind is well worth the extra pennies per wipe to me!Love the softnessJust as advertised, but a little thin for my taste.Very gentle and softThis are the worst wipes I have yet to try. The texture is slippy, too watery, not soft. Just disappointed they don’t work for my baby and I also made the mistake of ordering a huge pack.

(Adalberto’s wife)These are by far the best wipes. There are expensive but worth it, because the wipes are saturated in water. A couple of wipes will clean the messiest of diapers. Giving you peace of mind your child’s’ bottom is fresh and clean. I recommend these on new borns as well.My granddaughter loves them gif her sonWe liked that this product didn’t have many chemicals. The only down side is we couldn’t use it for our wipe warmer cause it doesn’t feed through the top. So we had to switch to a different brand.Love these. They do the job and are water based so no funky smell or chemicals. Highly recommend!I only use these for the rest of my life. Organic, safe, and non toxic. What more should you desire?We were looking for a natural wipe to use on our little one's bum and these get the job done. Love how simple the ingredients are and our little one hasn't had an allergic reactionThese are the best wipes. I love them. I cloth diaper and also use cloth wipes but on the go or in an emergency situation these are my go to. No chemical no fragrance. Great grip when wiping and great thickness.It used to be a great wipe. Clean and sturdy. Not anymore. They cut corners by making it thinner and slippery. Hard to clean. Terrible change.By far the best wipes on the market. My son has sensitive sink and gets bad diaper rash, these wipes do not irritate his skin, and smell great. Wish more came in a pack.I love these wipes -- just water and a little grapeseed extract, so I don't hesitate to use them to wipe baby's face when needed as well. So far no rashes (after 4 months). I usually forget to close the top adhesive cover over the opening, but they stay moist anyway. There's no pop-up, they just come out one at a time, although sometimes (usually at the end of the pack), it's hard to get just one -- a few might come out all together and then bunch up the ones that stay behind in the pack. That's the only inconvenience; I usually take out the wipes before I open up the diaper so that they are easier to grab when I don't have both hands free.There is not scent , I love these wipes been using them since our baby was 4 months ol d they are better than any other wipesI love these and its so much cheaper buying in bulk on amazonQuality of wipes differ between boxes && the packaging just sucks!!!!!! There’s NO such thing as pulling out just 1 wipe..We love these wipes! They have just the right amount of wetness and I love knowing what's in them. They probably don't want me to tell you this, but they wash up really soft too. We use cloth diapers and when we use these wipes we just toss them in the laundry with the diapers. These wash up softer than the flannel wipes we have so we re-wet them and use them again! I also use the washed ones for cleaning around the house.These do a great job. Very moist, gentle, and clean up baby nicely. Scent free and don’t cause skin irritation. No complaints. I’ll definitely be purchasing again.These are great wipes. Very natural. I prefer these wipes than soaked in chemicals ones.
I use it for3 years now and never had an issue with it. ThanksUsing for 5 plus years. No preservatives period. With this, don't leave package in car for a year with heat, it will mold. No skin issues from this with my three very sensitive allergy kids.I even use it as makeup remmover and have less break outs.
Way easier then making ur own wipes.I love this product...but am so disappointed how the price fluctuates to such a high price...When you buy things repeatedly they should honor the same price...in the long run they make out and you are happy too. Everybody should be happy!Bought for my daughter, so far no issuesBeen using on all my babies for years. The best and will never cause diaper rash!I love these wipes. They are totally worth the price. My baby is pretty sensitive and these are my go to.The (-) The cover fall apart, very thin, very small, skin rash,
The (+) very wetMy baby has sensitive skin, and these do not irritate his little bottom at all. I wish I could bathe him with these! Everything seems to irritate his skin, but I can count on these where I still haven't found a baby wash that doesn't cause an eczema flare up. I sometimes use these under his neck between baths to keep things from getting funky under his chins. They cause no irritation at all.Comparing these to the huggies natural wipes, these are thinner and not as soft. The huggies are my favorite but I use these to wipe my little one’s face and handsI tried several different Baby Wipes from different countries (China and Korea). This product is very good to clean a baby's putt without the hassle of washing it. Will buy it again!Love these!!Great product! No chemicals! Works well!Our baby girl used these in the nicu so we trusted this brand when we brought her home. They are sturdy enough to get the job done without any fragrance or irritation. They also are great for hands and face.We love these wipes. We started out using Pampers wipes but felt like they were irritating our LO's toosh. So glad we found Water Wipes! I also use them on my LO's hands and face and don't worry about the ingredients or fragrance. Love them!box and wipes arrived damaged. The wipes are packaged in this paper like plastic that is very easily damaged and I'm pretty sure it's not BPA free which will make the wipes not chemical free as well....love that there are no chemicals. Each towelette has the right level of moisture.Cleans skin with little effort.The company added benzalkonium chloride to the product. My son has eczema and this is a known eczema irritant.These work very well. The material is quite tough, so no worries about putting your fingers through them. I could only wish them to be flushable, which they are not. It's not particularly appetizing putting poop-stained towelettes into the rubbish bin. But, for being chemical-free, we put up with it!I really like these wipes, I've tried many and I like how the ingredients are simple and the wipes are soft and don't leave residue on the baby's skin. I use these for both my kids and also for cleaning their faces and hands. I wish it was slightly cheaper.these stay moist. not flushable but we are fine with that. needed something that would not irritate the skin or private areas. these work great, especially if you have allergies or irritated easily. We buy these all the time.These are so great to have around. I bought these for use with my newborn since water on a cotton towel is best for newborn butt cleaning. Honestly I was being lazy, I didn't want to get out of bed every 2 hours with feedings to get a towel wet if she pooped. So these were so nice to have around until she got older and the sensative skin wipes were ok. But now I still order these because just plain water and air drying is best for a diaper rash so I just use these if her tush is starting to get a little red. Works like a charm. The only complaint I have is they are not the easiest to get out of the package... one often stays attached to the other and several come out and you have to pull apart and then open the wipe up... when trying to wipe a wiggly baby's butt in low light, you really need to be able to whip out a wipe and go without fighting it. But the product is great and worth a little more time to get it situated :) highly recommend :)The quality of the wipes is great but the dispenser is not. It is hard to open, when you pull one wipe often they stick together and 2 come out at the same time. I think they should consider the design of the packaging.Dont be cheated. I wanted to reorder the item when I saw the mismatch between price for the count and total price. It says 0.03$ per count, but 18$ for 3*60=180 wipes equals to 0.1$.BEST WIPES OUT THERE! These have such a great texture, are very moist and no chemicals! What more could anyone ask for. We use these for literally everything in our family. They clean up bottoms, faces, hands, toes and even the occasional car seat beautifully and never leave any kind of film or sticky residue!Life saver...total life saver. We used these for the the first few months after several other brands caused so many problems. After a couple months our little cutie's butt had achieved the structural fortitude to deal with regular wipes but I'm so glad we found these when we did.If you have a serious diaper rash problem, these are the wipes to buy. It’s annoying that they have such a small surface area and they’re so expensive. But they are the safest choice for sensitive skin.---Pros---
No sent
Good value

---Cons---
Alchohol based so burns buttYou pull out like a 100 wipes.
Don’t have this issue with other wipes like honest which we like as well. But both our babies have reacted more favorably to these, particularly when a diaper rash is involved.Can't buy toilet paper anywhere right now so these will have to do! I have a sensitive lady area and these have not caused any irritation so far. (:Best wipes out there! 99.9 water. My lo can't use wipes due to irritation and sensitivity, but these are a blessing! I make my own for her at home. But these are great for poo's and when out and about!I have been using these wipes since more than 2 years. The last order of wipes that I got smell horrible!! They smell chemical and like alcohol!! Very disappointed. Will return them if the next batch will be the same!!!I use this as an alternative to toilet paper, I view like this does the job!My babies have highly sensitive skin and no matter what I did their diaper areas would become irritated. I switched to these wipes and I love them. There's no scent, they wipe well (I don't have to use 10 like with some other brands) and I have no plans to try another brand anymore.my child has sensitive skin and these work for her!These wipes are incredibly soft and moist. It's such a relief to know what I'm putting on my children's body and their sensitive skin has always responded well to these. I even use these to wipe their faces and hands with sometimes.My poor husband is allergic to fragrances and every wipe he used was causing allergy attacks. Even the "allergen free" ones, which often had something in it (like chamomile). These not only allow him to change her diaper (much easier on me!), but we feel so good about the minimal ingredients.I love these wipes because my baby loves them! Being a new mom, I thought there wouldn't be much difference between brands but boy, was I wrong! I ran out one time and had to resort to using one of the big name wipes and within a day, my baby's bum was irritated. This is soft, clean, and the packaging is great for diaper bags- makes me happy knowing it's an all natural product for my precious baby!Gentle wipes, fragrance free, plenty of liquid for cleaning.The best wipes! I use them on my twins and ran out one day. I then used a spare Pampers sensitive we had. The rash that broke out on the twins was HORRIBLE. As soon as we went back to WaterWipes, the rash began to go away!We bought these for when our kids have diaper rash. It's so convenient to have these instard of getting water and paper towels. They are really wet too so they don't dry out quickly.Fantastic wipes! I use them multiple times a day. They are free of chemicals and scents! Its great to know that I am using something safe on my baby. I use them to clean his hands and face and bottom! They are absolutely fantastic and are everything I could want in a baby wipe.Great buy for bulk. Healthy and safe wipes with no chemicals.Have been using these wipes since the day my son was born and he has not had any reaction to them. They are great!! I use them for everything, even to clean his face after a feeding. They are truly just a wet wipe, no added junk!! I used a Pampers wipe once in my face that gave me hives, after that I looked for a different alternative for my unborn baby and I'm glad I found these!!Great product for babiesSeriously the only wipes to ever use on baby. We have never had a diaper rash since using these!If your baby has sensitive skin or you dont want a lot of chemicals... Must haveNice and wet, gets baby clean during diaper changesWe absolutely love these wipes! They are cloth-like and very gentle on little ones. I love that they don't have any scent or chemicals. I not only use these for baby bottoms, I use them to remove my make-up as well. I've tried other natural wipes, but these are hands down the safest and softest wipes.Very pleasant wipes for butts of all ages.My son has an IBD. These water wipes have been a life saver. Incredible product. We have a subscription and have them delivered every other month.No scent as far as I can tell. These are THE only wipes that doesn't irritate my kids sensitive tushie.Simple and pureCame in time. I don't really like these wipes because of the grapefruit seed extract. I know what grapefruit seed extract is a known germ killer but on my baby's booty is was a skin damager. I now use Jessica Alba's wipes in her diaper bundle. (Haven't touched this value pack its sitting in my living room in a corner.We love these wipes!My son is now 6 yrs old and we still use these. They are great and mostly made with water! Love them. Well worth getting!Rated high on EWG as safe...so I bought them! They are pretty pricey, but no amount of money buys peace of mind. Also, it almost seems like my little's bottom is less irritated now that I've been using these. I even use on my face and have no issues.They are soft and sturdy. I love that there is no perfume smell. We’ve tried some other water based wipes, but these are our favorite because of their texture.I purchased these Water Wipes for a trip with my grandchildren. I received the package on Nov. 8, and upon opening the box found that the wipes were due to expire December 2018. Approximately 6 weeks later. There is no way that 540 wipes will be used in that short period of time. I don't have the time to return the item. Truly deceptive practice.
Don't buy this item.Love these wipes. They're pretty damp compared to bigger name wipes, but that makes a diaper change cleaner in my opinion. We use these with Bambo diapers and my 18 month old son has had one very mild diaper rash in his entire life.Great wipes. Our LO sometimes sucks on wipes, so we use these because they only have two ingredients as per packaging label ("Contains 99.9% purified water and a drop of fruit extract").So happy to find such a pure product. But the wipes themselves are on the cheaper, thin, non-cushy side. I prefer the texture of a 7th Generation or something more substantial, especially for the price. I'm considering trying just re-usable bamboo wipes and witch hazel and water in a Ziploc bag.Some packages are a little dryer than others and the bag they come in isn't all that great but we have a wipe holder and have no problem with these. They definitely do NOT dry out the baby's skin like other wipes. We use other wipes for our own hands and cleaning up messes on the changing table.I love this product! I have sensitive skin and these work greatBest baby wipes for diaper changes and daily cleansing of other areas. Gentle enough for sensitive skin. Tried other big brand name wipes but they caused irritation to baby’s skin.Happy baby 👶My baby had a bad diaper rash and using all other brand wipes was just too painful for him. Water wipes work great for us and his sensitive skin.These are very wet and you will need to dry off the babes bottom when you're done. My guy gets a rash if I don't follow that step . Also poor packaging.. leaks and doesn't deal shut. Good rating for the safe ingredients l.I never got this order. However I have used these in the past and they are very good! Especially for sensitive skin!!!Buy it over and over again.These are so juicy! I love how moist they are compared to Huggies wipes. The Huggies wipes are more dry. These have so much moisture, and they are all natural, which is a plus! No irritated baby bottom over here, thanks to Water Wipes.I recently discovered these wipes at Target. I typically cloth diaper and use a washcloth and water for our wipes so this was a great find! They are 99.9% water with just a tiny bit of fruit extract, perfect for sensitive baby skin! I never realized how much stuff other wipes have in them until I discovered these. I highly recommend these for anyone but especially babies with sensitive skin.Works like a charm !!!!Great natural wipes for baby. Minimal ingredients. They are the closest thing to using warm water and a wet washcloth! Even the nurse at the hospital said they were great because the extract is supposed to be soothing for skin. She even suggested I use it post partum to help with healing!Perfect for everythingLove that they are non toxic but wish they designed the package to be more user friendly. The wipes do not come out single sheet at a time rather they come out with several sheets at a time by the time the wipes get down towards the middle level.MOMS AND DADS--These wipes are fabulous!!!! Even if your baby is not sensitive to wipes, these are perfect for all sorts of uses. Feel confident using these on your baby. I did on my grandson.I love water wipes but these sellers are awful. Stop increasing the prices!!!These are super gentle, pack tightly and don't dry out as quickly as other wipes. Highly recommend!We love these wipes. It’s great to have a chemical free wipe. They have no fake fragrance smell, sticky chemical feel, or leave any chemical after taste on your hands. They’re great.Best wipes ever! These are the same wipes the nicu used!We love these! Our daughter has sensitivity with other wipes even though they are labeled for sensitive skin. These wipes are totally worth the money. Our daughter's redness has gone down quite a bit and using cloth diapers helps.I wish these were made from the same fabric/material as name brand wipes like Huggies. The material is super soft but thin and I feel like I need to use several at a time so that I don't get poo on my hands! Otherwise, I really like that they don't have any chemicals and there is no smell.My wife and I only wish we knew about these when we had our first. Our second has really sensitive skin, and these are great. They clean with one swipe and have kept him without a diaper rash for quite some time.My daughter can only use these wipes because her skin is so sensitiveI used these wipes when my son was first born over a year ago, and loved them, but we ultimately switched to another brand. I recently tried them again, and was extremely disappointed. The wipes are not what they were last year. They are smaller, don't clean as well, and also don't come out one at a time, so they are virtually useless in my wipe warmer. This product is more expensive than some other brands, and I feel like the quality really went downhill.Love the water wipes, prior to finding them our little one constantly battled with diaper rash. We changed up diaper brands and baby powder but neither stopped the problem. However once we switched to water wipes it hasn't been a problem since.Great for my kitten for a quick clean up or eye wipes.It's Feb 2022 and it says it will expire in Mar 2022. That's not cool. Otherwise, i do like these wipes.I LOVE these wipes. They aren't full on toxic ingredients and are great for sensitive skin- on babies or adults! Kind of pricey but worth it in my opinion. I’ve bought these quite a few times now and have never seen any mold.These wipes are great. My daughter does much better with these than any other brand (honest co., 365, babyganics, etc.). We did have a pack that got moldy after being left in a hot car--I honestly don't mind and instead see as a sign that they aren't full of sketchy ingredients. I just threw that pack away and carried on with a new pack.Perfect for sensitive tushies. We will never use another wipe.The best wipes out there and the only brand that doesn’t irritate my daughter!Our little one has a sensitive bottom and some other wipes broke her out. We bought these instead of using a wet washcloth with every diaper change and they helped considerably (along with diaper rash cream). We have since found other wipes that don't break her out, but anytime she gets a diaper rash, we use WaterWipes until it heals.These are the best wipes - soft and with I fragrance. My daughter rarely has diaper rash, but the moment I use any other brand she typically breaks out in one. Yes, you could just use paper towels with water, but they are not as soft, portable and convenient. Works great for cleaning up little noses when they are sick, too.My niece only uses WaterWipes for her baby girl. They clean without any irritating perfumes or dyes, and are sturdy enough to get even the messiest jobs done. Highly recommend!These are great! I didn’t want wipes with a bunch of chemicals in them. They’re a good price too. More Convenient than cloth and water (all though not sure about environmental factors.....prbly not biodegradable so that’s the down side).I love these wipes for my newborn. They're not as comfortable to use in the bathroom or around the house like I used Costco wipes because they leave too much of a watery residue but they are awesome for my newborn. Good to know he gets no chemicals on his bottom.I like that the solution for these doesn't have alcohol, parabens or toxic preservatives, but the material feels too slick and I don't think they do a great job wiping anything that's dried on. I initially bought these here on Amazon for less than four bucks a pack, now I see they've jumped to more than five bucks a pack (x4) so I won't be reordering. I'll go back to the other popular non-toxic wipes from the company owned by the famous actress...Love these! Only wipes I use on my 20 month Olds bottom since the day she was bornThese are super great for babies #2! They hold so much water which is awesome for messy cleanups. We use pampers pure for #1 and these for #2 to keep the cost down.My favorite super moist u can actually feel it's all water no residueLove that it's not loaded with all the chemicals. All natural ingredients with a light scent and work just as good. Plus we use them to clean his face after eating or wipeing his hands and not worrying about him putting the chemicals in his mouth.Love these wipes. I wish I would’ve switched long ago. Don’t have nearly as many issues with diaper rash.These are awesome! They stay wet, no irritating ingredients, no scent or fragrances, they also come out of the package easily (read: one-handed) for the most part; love them!Even the "sensitive" wipes contain garbage that can irritate your child's butt. Once I switched to these, my son's issues disappeared. Only con is they're very expensive. To me, it's money well spent.Recieved moldy. Nope. Never buying againThe best wipes ever! Definitely worth the price. My kids never get a rash when I use these, and they’re stretcher and more wet then all of the other wipes I’ve used with my 3 kids.These are great wipes. They don't irritate my sons bottom and he has sensitive skin. I use to make my own wipes when he was a new born and transitioned to these once he was a bit older. Very convienant.The are a bit more pricey but they are worth it. The are great on wetness and there is no scent/odor. They don't give my son a rash/help when he does have a rash! Only things I hate about these wipes a the way they reseal and how they don't come out very easy.I love these wipes. They are more moist and so much softer than any other wipe I've tried- even those for sensitive skin. I hate to run out of these and use anything else.I love that these wipes are made of water and help with diaper rashes but the packaging is flimsy and tears easily. Plus it’s really hard to get just one wipe at a time. They come out in mass clumps.I absolutely love these wipes. I bought these due to my son having a horrible rash. Huggies wipes made it 10x worse- they are way too dry. You can use two water wipes, when it takes 10 of huggies wipes to do the same job. Yes, water wipes cost more but you’re using less wipes, and it’s not tearing up your baby’s butt!They do not smell. They are good for very sensitive skin, and they can even wipe make up or greasy smudges. We use them for everything around the house!These are the only wipes that my baby (now 10mo.) hasn't gotten a rash wish. We plan to use Water Wipes with our next baby.Great for newborns or children ith severe allergic reactions to regular scented or unscented wipes. These are truly unscented and pure. Composed of just 99% water and 1% grapefruit extract, it cleans while refreshes. If you want an alternative, buy Viva towels and use water. But in the end it will probably cost the same and why not get it in wipe form. The only complaint I have is that they come in individual packages and if you put them in a traditional plastic wipe container, they are extremely annoying to get out. I have to open the entire lid. And honestly, even in the individual package, they are a little annoying to get out. But work perfectly once on baby. The other thing I like about these is that I 'm not scared to wipe my baby's face or other part of body whereas you are told not to do that with regular wipes. One case is good enough for the first six -eight weeks of newborn sensitivity.Great wipes to use especially for babies, and women with sensitive skin or lady parts. Less is more!My little on has very sensitive skin. After changing diaper brands, wipe brands, and even ointments, these worked wonderfully. We ended up primarily using paper towels and water, but these were the closest that we could get while out and about. They are gentle enough for my little one and didnt cause any irritation.They're definitely more expensive than other wipes, but SO much better for baby's skin. We switched to reusable wipes to save money, but I plan to keep these around for outings. The absolute best disposable wipes if you can afford to splurge.Love that it's 99% water! The wipes are a little smaller then most, but I'd rather that then use chemicals. My baby has eczema even down there, and it definitely is better now that we are using water wipes!Luckily found These in the time of need for toilet paper. Thanks for keeping stock!Only thing my daughter in law will use for the grand babiesI feel so confident of not having any chemicals that harm. This is Just water and grapefruit extract

Work even better than the conventional. Very moist. Stays moist in pack.I was a little hesitant to purchase water wipes because other reviewers had said that by the time they finished a package there was mold in it. Maybe back then there were more in a package? I did not experience that and neither did my BFFF who sent me a pack out of her box so I could try them before committing. I love these things. I can't believe how moist they are, I was really expecting them to be dry. They clean up poop quite well. I am all about natural/chemical free options for my newborn and am so glad these exist. I also tried BumBoosa wipes which are okay. Those are too dry for my liking. The only cons to these is trying to get them out the package (or just one out the package at a time) is difficult. But they do what they are meant to do, and I would buy again. I guess people may complain about the price but it is what it is when you want chemical free/environmentally conscious or anything thats not a major brand like Huggies or Pampers.We love water-based wipes! These are on the pricey side, but they are great quality so we don’t mind spending the moneyPerfect for sensitive skin!Great wipes. Wish they were a tad bigger and thicker though. However, I'm overlooking that to have wipes without any chemicals in them! Wish we had these for all my kids when they needed them. Hopefully they start to make them bigger or thicker in the near future!Great for my new bornLove these. No yucky chemicals so they are safe for my daughter, her allergies and her sensitive skinI love these wipes so incredibly much! They are chemical free, pure and very soft. They cause absolutely NO burning like other wipes do and they are a must have in my household for my little babies and my big kids. Perfect for everyone! I even use them myself!No chemicals, toxins, and absolutely NO nasty fragrances! I am obsessed with these wipes and they are literally the only brand I use!BEST wipes for EVERYTHING!! I used boogie wipes, unscented, but they leave an awful tasting residue!! The water wipes clean up messy diapers, sticky fingers, boogies, and don't have any smell or lingering chemical taste!! These deserve 10 stars, one of the best finds for our baby girl!!Was very disappointed when I didn’t recieve a brand new box of wipes and received someone’s return that had marking on the box and writing on it. I was gonna gift it to my sis for her baby shower.These wipes really keep their moisture and the seal is durable.Excelente el productoNo rashes and clean well so we are satisfied.
Wish were less expensive.no chemical smell - the best wipes I ever used not sure why other wipes have chemical smell in them? these are natural and safeMy baby had sensitive skin so these were our best option. They worked great for him!Still cleans wellI add any type of cleaner to these wipes and store in a plastic bag. Love these wipes!Best wipes yet. Gentle, no scent, no chemicals, just soft and cleanThese indeed are not chemical free, as other reviewers have noted. I didn’t realized until I looked on the package. I’m very mad. Will be trying to purchase water wipes with only 2 ingredients from elsewhere.When my son was born I would only buy Pampers sensitive wipes. Once he got about 7 months old even those started giving him a rash. I wiped one on my arm and discovered that they left this nasty feeling film on you. So began my search of a safe, good quality and affordable wipe.

These wipes are great. They don't leave any type of film, they aren't packed with chemicals, they don't dry out really fast and best of all they don't give my son, and now my daughter, a rash. Plus if you order them on subscribe and save they are very affordable. They are a bit thinner when compared to some brands like seventh generation but with all the other pluses this is still the best brand that I've found. Plus out of all the other brands ( Pampers sensitive, Huggies naturals, seventh generation, and bloom baby) this is the only one that passes the Mommy test with not even a tingle feeling.

I definitely recommend this product.Absolutely love for my baby boy! ❤️❤️❤️Wipes are too small. Need to use more than one at one time.We have not tested the ingredients of the water but you can do this easily with an inexpensive TDS meter. Still Better than most products our in the market. The sheets are on the thin side, but very moist.I like that they're natural, but they don't pop-up. Not a big deal until you have a wriggly baby with a very messy diaper, and ask the wipes are stuck together, then it's frustrating.Amazing wipes! I been buying them for years!!!Have used these for the last year. Love them.LOVE these wipes. We used pampers, huggies naturals and even all other kinds but there really clean the best and leave no redness afterwards. We use them for the face, bottom, hands, etc. bc they don't have chemicals. Highly recommend! I'm sorry it took us this long to find these-3rd kid.Very wet wipes. I like to use these first and then dry my baby's bum off a little bit with a towel. Great product but a little difficult to pull out of the package.My grandbaby needs these for his sensitive skin. They work great, stay moist and are easy to retrieve from the package.Love, love, love these wipes. Perfect for all of my family members and their sensitivitiesI absolutely love these wipes. My baby has sensitive skin and we have used these on her since day one. They are so gentl, non-irritating and scent free. I couldn't be happier with this product and am completely loyal to this brand.I like that it's chemical free and it doesn't smell.These made my babies butt so much worse. His skin has broken out into a terrible rash that bleeds ever since we started using these. Now we are rinsing him with plan water which has worked out way better.Our go-to wipes! I feel the best about using these wipes on our babies. No chemicals, no scent. They are a little thinner than some other brands we’ve used but they do the job!Love that they are so gentle. Great for the first few months when you are figuring our you babies sensitivities. However, since they are unscented, there’s some stank left behind after cleaning up big explosions...I love this product with no chemicals.
Towels stay wet all the time.
I used them to clean my puppies paws after each walk.
Don’t smell either. Awesome product.Great on babies skin and serves it purpose.I am a dermatologist and this is one of the only wipes so I will use on my children. They are syrong, non-scented and perfect for baby’s sensitive skin.These have been a life saver! Gentle enough for faces and my kids have super sensitive skin! I use
More than other brands BUT these are all I use when we get diaper rash. My kids do not scream when I use them!!!I like these wipes for a new born, but i will not buy them again once my box is gone. They come apart very easily.
I do think that for a newborn they are very good to have, as newborns require lots of changings in the first few weeks, so anything that doesnt have chemicals would be best.I absolutely love these wipes! I have used these for over a year now & have been comsistently impressed. They are thick, moist, & safe for my baby! The only reason I don’t give them 5 stars is the packaginig, by the time I’m about 1/2 way through its very difficult to close the packages the sticky part doesn’t stay & if I’m carrying them in my purse I’ve had them wet my other items in my bag. Besides that i LOVE these wipes!I love these wipes! They're the best. I read all the reviews and tried out as many different wipes as I could then settled on these. At first I was annoyed that they stuck together and were harder than other wipes I had tried out to separate. But soon I just got use to them and just love em. No diaper rash, so smell, so clean. :)Very happy to use wipes that don't have any chemicals or perfumes. They are a little more on the expensive side, but definitely high quality and in my mind worth it. As some reviewers mention they do stick together a little bit, but not enough to bother me much, but could see how it might bother some. Just kind of think all store bought wipes stick together.Much better than scented wipes. They are wetter.Love theseThese water wipes are fake. You’re better off buying them from the store. You can tell the difference right away, the towelette is dry compare to the real ones and it also had different print on the towelette.With eight kids I've tried most every wipe out there. These are one of my favorites overall and are the only wipe I'll use for my kids when they're newborns aside from dry wipes moistened with plain water. The wipes themselves are a soft, non textured wipe which is ideal for newborns but isn't always best for toddler diaper messes. When cleaning up my toddler I'll often use a bunch of grocery store wipes to get the bulk of the mess then use a couple of these to get the rest and clean off any chemicals from the other wipes.

The wipes are very wet, they're more damp than any other wipes I've tried. They have no smell whatsoever. Although I've read about it and was nervous it would happen I haven't experienced the mold or mildew issues others have complained about. All in all these are good wipes for everyday use with a newborn.These are hands down the best wipes around. No nasty chemical smell and can be used on any baby!!! Love love love these wipes!!! Only downfall is they are kind of small so aren't great in the wipe warmer dispenserThey are butt wipes. They work. Drys out quick once openOur infant was acquired a diaper rash after using Huggies wipes. These are a good alternative to use during a diaper rash. I wouldn't use them all the time unless you want to spend a fortune buying wipes but good for tender times.Love these wipes for my sensitive skin sonToo wateryNo scent to them, great quality, have been using these wipes for years.I love the concept of water wipes. Also, my son has super sensitive skin and bad eczema. These are the only wipes that don't irritate his skin further and I've tried everything.

Only things I don't like about these wipes:

1. The tape to reseal the package doesn't last long which if you don't use the package fast enough will cause them to start drying out. I would prefer a lid type reclosing method such as pampers has. Especially for the extra price of these wipes. I constantly have to put mine in a ziploc.
2. They do not separate easily when you pull them out of the package. Instead of being one wipe, you'll get 3 or more wipes. Then you have to stuff them back in if you didn't need 3 or more. This is the biggest hassle when holding a wiggling baby's legs and trying not to get "stuff" everywhere.

Other than that, I love the wipes and they are excellent for sensitive skin!Our little doesn’t like cold wipes so we use a wipe warmer and these wipes are by far my favorite for his sensitive skin. Totally recommend theseThere were no baby wipes in the stores thank you for having wipesThey really help stop diaper rash. I guess the whole 100% water thing works. Our 8 month old baby used to get a lot of diaper rash with Pampers wipes, but once we made the switch to these, the problem is gone! It costs more than Pampers, but hey, no cost is too much to have a happy baby!These are great for cleaning up my daughter's hands and face after meals. I keep them in the kitchen and her diaper bag for feeding and to clean her face in the mornings when we travel. Works great for sensitive skin. Only thing I'd change is that I like the round "scrubbers" on Honest's wipes.Decent wipe for skin issues like face.They have a strange texture which makes it hard to get them out of the package and impossible to use folded over. It hurts my wrist to wipe a #2 diaper with them. Very very wet.Bought these for my friend who is expecting a baby next month. These are the only wipes she uses on her little ones. Gentle on skin. No added fragrance or chemicals.I love that there is wipes out there that barely have any ingredients and chemical free. I've been using these for about 5 months now. When my daughter was first born i was using seventh general brand and she would get rashes so i switched over to this exclusively and hasnt gotten any rashes since. I wouldn't use any other.These work well and the wipes are a nice size and texture. We usually prefer to wet dry wipes, but these are more convenient for traveling. I took off a point because they really are expensive for what they are (water and a tiny bit of fruit extract).Love it for my sensitive skin son, no rashes and no more red skinWe bought these on the advice of a friend. Thy are very gently and stopped my baby's bum being red. They don't care as well taking my makeup off, but, that isn't what they are for and really just highlights more how gentle they are.Best baby wipes out there. These are very wet and that's very good. My first set of wipes were given to me as an American Red Cross volunteer in Puerto Rico. I have been using then ever since.These wipes used to be amazing! I know WaterWipes says they didn’t change the formula and only changed the labeling, but after 3 years of use, they are suddenly causing a rash on my child. I don’t believe that’s just because the wording on the label changed.I order on Amazon for convenience but they’re probably more expensive here. Still I love these wipes. Very moisturizing and the clean the poop quickly!The only wipes I use on my son! They are so moist and clean up so much more than other wipes.I love these wipes. Not too thick. Not too thin. Not too wet or dry. I've never seen mold like other reviewers. Love that there's nothing bad in them. Trust them for face or bottom. This is after I've tried ALL OTHER BRANDS OF WIPES LITERALLY. Just trust me.The wipes I received are NOT real on-brand water wipes. I am very upset as the wipes I got have chemicals (chlorine) in them and have caused a horrible reaction on my newborn daughter's skin. Very upset. STAY AWAY.These are the best wipes in terms of safety but they don't work well in the "wipes heaters". I prefer Honest because they have a bit of texture and they are more effective.Excellent for baby's skin.Love love LOVE waterwipes! My daughter is 4 months old and has yet to have a single diaper rash. I can't help but think these wipes have something to do with it, especially because she has sensitive skin.I have been buying them for two years ... they are soft and have no scent, just waterLove these. My baby likes to pull these out and wipe them all over her face and suck on them when I don't catch her in time (I know, she is special :) ) therefore, I feel confident knowing that these are 99.9% water that she isn't ingesting anything harmful.Best baby wipes. Maintain moisture for many weeks after being opened.Safest baby wipes on Amazon! Perfect for my little girl!I'm happy to use something that doesn't contain harmful chemicals! It doesn't really matter that they don't come out one after another or that they are more slippery. As long as they are as pure as a wet wipe can be.WaterWipes are not just for babies...they are great to clean up any kind of sticky mess, sticky hands, a dirty table or tray. And they are great for babies bottoms too!We always joke about the drop of fruit extract in every wipe being the reason they cost so much more than other brands. But they are the gentlest product I’ve found for my child’s sensitive baby bottom.Our infant would break out from pampers, huggies, and even more expensive "all natural" wipes. These? Nothing. Clear perfect skin. And the price isn't too bad.I am so glad to have an option like this for my baby. I prefer homemade wipes, but I like to have an alternative while out and about, and these are perfect. I love that they aren't covered in toxins and allergies like all the other wipes available.Love this wipes for my son. He doesn’t get any irritation or a rash with them and he lets me wipe him better with this wipes then any other wipes:Love these wipes. Anytime my baby has bad diaper rash these help the most.So great for my son these dont have anything in them just a fruit extract to keep them from molding. He used to get red skin if we used anyother brand.GreatThis is our go-to. Never had a problem with quality it consistency of the wipesIt's great that these are natural wipes; however, they are too wet and slip when you fold them. I will keep using them until they run out but I will not be ordering another again. I do want to mention that I did not have any mold on my wipes.These are okay to wipe little fingers, it usually takes 3 to get anything clean though. Don't use on a babies bottom unless you want to use the whole pack.Household essential now, the only wipes my lil one used from the start and never had any rash.
Use it for makeup removal too. No smellWATER 💦 in a wipe, perfect! Durable. Packaging easiest to use. Not collated, thank you!With these wipes i have seen no rashes. I noticed that with other wipes even if they said for sensitive skin my baby would get rashes. Love how they feel so fresh and clean!It is used for a new born baby, excellent product!Work just as well as traditional wipes but they’re a little thin and difficult to get out one at a time, which is very important when the baby is up screaming at 2 am and you haven’t slept in weeks.We've been using those wipes for couple of years and and we are very happy with itVery watery, but great wipes and great quality.I love how moist and soft the wipes feel. Our daughter was in the nicu for two months and I was very cautious about what I use on skin and these were perfect for her delicate skin. This is all we use for her now.These are the only wipes I'll use now, especially since they helped clear up my baby's awful diaper rash. Every other wipe stung, but these are clean and safe and my daughter could easily tolerate them when she couldn't tolerate anything else, and they seemed to soothe her as well.Great baby wipes! My daughter had a chronic diaper rash before i switched to these.These are awful! Some were rotten!!! The ones that weren't you have to use way more gen regular wipes to get the job done due to poor quality.Love these just wet enough all other wipes always need water. And we love that they have very limited ingredients little girl has very sensitive skin they will be the only wipes that we use from now on.After being in the nicu and hearing from the nurses how even pampers sensitive wipes have so many babies rashes I bought these and would never use anything else. They are sometimes too moist but knowing they are super gentle is great.About every other pull you get multiple wipesI highly recommend and don’t use any other wipe. I wipe down toys, hands, and baby’s face with this brand and wouldn’t with any other.Best wipes for sensitive skinWe were using other wipes for about a year. Then some diaper rash started showing up and we switched to these. They helped alleviate some of the rash I'd say. I had read about them in a mommy group and am glad I made the switch.The only wipes I use on my daughter. These are the best! She used to get terrible diaper rashes and I tried everything. Wash cloths with warm water are the best, but when I am on the go these are the best! Great for sensitive skin and bottoms prone to yeast diaper rashes.The quality of these water wipes is unmatched. If you are looking for chem free wipes that are gentle on your babies skin, these are the ones.Will never use anything else!!! We absolutely love these and have never had any irritation with them. Also I noticed some people have run into mold problems, we have been using Water Wipes for over 15months now and have not had any mold problems. One thing we have found is to store them face down so the bottom wipes don't end up with so much moisture. We love that they are more moist so it is easier to get things clean!These are the only wipes we can use for our daughter. Anything else breaks her out in a rash, even the sensitive skin wipes from pampers (which was what we used for a long time with no other complaints). Since there are so few ingredients we can rest easy that our daughter's skin is being taken care of.A little bit dry, like the new one betterafter using these, I would never use any other wipe, gentle, no heavy scent and super gentle for my babiesBought for a friends baby shower. She loved them and enjoys the all natural idea behind this being plant based ingredients.Price is high, but when someone wants plant based "natural" ingredients this is an option.ExelenteI am obsessed with these water wipes & give them to any friend who is having a baby! They are perfect for baby's sensitive skin and work wonders if you are ever tackling a diaper rash. Plus I feel safe using them for anything & everything granted the ingredients are just water and fruit extract. HIGHLY recommend!I heard these work really great! I bought them for my niece in Virginia. Her mom says they work really good. She likes to keep out all the unneeded chemicals and these water wipes work really great too!These wipes have been so far so great that they are all I have ever used! Love the moisture of the wipes and absorbency they are just like using water without any harsh scents...A truly great product!The best.What can I say ? I use these for everything from messy meal cleanup for one year olds to poopy diapers and wiping dog paws after a muddy walk.

My infants skin hasn’t been irritated since using these.Like these better than Huggies baby wipes. Works great for my baby’s sensitive skin.Really nice and wet really comfy for babies and for my 🍑🍑😂😂 cause i use it too The wipes came with ants 😳😱I have been getting these wipes since our baby was born 13 months ago. They are great especially knowing that they have minimum ingredients. They are moist enough to wipe big messes. The only downside is that its not very easy to get them out of the bag, especially since they stick together to tight. You have to be careful not to pull more than one if you don't need it!Good wipes for a good price. Seem to be just as effective as other popular more expensive brands. Only complaint is that they don’t seem to be set up in a way that allows another wipe to rise when pulling one from the top. Annoying but other than that they are solid.Good for sensitive skin, wet and softAmazing!!! The only wipes my sons skin will tolerate. One water wipe is like the equivalent of 3 regular wipes. A bit pricey but 100% worth it.I use these wipes for everything. They have a very light scent. They're also nice and "juicy". Not drippy, but don't dry out. It's great to know that these are safe for my baby. He's never had a bad reaction. I also use them to wash his face as well as his bum.Best wipes ever! Really no scent. No harmful chemicals so not worried when my little one chews on the wipes. Use wipes for mealtime cleanup, diaper changes and etcThese are a perfect product if you want all natural wipes with no fragrance or chemicals. They work just as good as any wipe just without all the nasty stuff in them. I love them!Great on baby's sensitive skin. From head to literal toes.Product came in broken smashed box then the actual wipes came in sketchy wrapped plastic like they were divided up by someone.We loved it.
After using this we dont see any more rash on baby skin.
And now this becomes our regular baby wipes.My baby hasn’t had a rash yet and I believe these wipes have something to do with it. I will not risk trying other wipes to find out! Worth the money :)These are the best wipes. They are amazing! They don’t sting diaper rash but we use these regularly on our 4 week old son. Totally worth the money. They are soft and effective.Can’t say enough about this product, since my baby was born till date (its been 18 months) we use this and only these wipes.Sure enough all the reviews were correct. These wipes are smaller, thinner and a little dried out. I gave these Three stars only because it's nice to have a wipe that just uses water. If you are willing to spend more money target has these wipes in their stores and they are the bigger wipe size.Water wipes are the best, especially for babies with sensitive skin. Only thing is how damp they can leave the skin after use, which requires drying to avoid diaper rash, or other issues.My baby is super allergic to baby wipes, especially the hypoallergenic ones. These are the only wipes that don't cause a rash. I use these wipes for hand wipes as well.Worked well for my son who gets rashes with any other brandI've been using these for years. I live in a year round warm climate, and these have never once grown mold, much to my surprise. We've had packs open for 3 months without any issue whatsoever. Just be sure to close up the pack when you're done.I purchased these initially because I was drawn to the minimal ingredients and positive reviews. Totally my fault for not reading everything first but we were disappointed to find these can’t go into a dispenser. The wipes aren’t attached loosely to the next wipe so, you’re forced to dig your fingers in to get the next wipe. Super frustrating at 2am. So now we have a case of wipes just sitting around....and apparently getting moldy.Pretty good. Gentle formula compare to other brands.Nothing like knowing your not putting bad stuff on your baby, yes i use more of these than the ones with the soap, but i know he's going not have endocrine disruptors on his privates, which is worth it as I want my son to be a real boy....I love water wipes! I originally purchased these for a friend for her baby shower after a natural momma recommended them to me. I have also been keeping a pack in my car, gym bag and doggy bag for my pup! So many uses. Highly recommended.Love these because they are soft and free of any chemicals/toxins. I use them for baby wipes, for make-up removal with fractionated coconut oil, and for cleaning the table/counters with lemon oil.My son had very bad rash since he was born and the pediatrician told me to switch wipes I did it and the rash was gone. They’re so natural and softLove the product but these arrived with the box open and that freaks me out with a product that’s not sealed for safety inside. Not cool.I order this for my nice baby and house use. It is great for sensitivity skin because it is only water.In its packaging and using it from there is amazing. Easy to use and great on our baby. Love it and will use this from now on.Fantastic product. We don't like to use anything if we can help it that has unusual preservatives and this fits the bill.

Safe for diaper changes, baby's face and a sponge bath I can't say enough good about the product.Store upside down so water goes throughout the wipesI definitely recommend them I just wish they were a little bit thicker as I feel like I have to use so many moreOnly wipes I will use for my children who have very sensitive skin. The wipe is strong, doesn’t break while using, I also like that I can use on face and handsGood wipes. My only problem was the packaging and how cold it got. But overall, very good.Started using these and rash was GONE!! Literally not using anyhting else EVER. Apparently once they start eating solids they don't work as well, but until then...it's water wipes all the wayI have subscribed to these. I usually buy a box at a time. No added poisons. Just plain and simple. Very respectful productIt's water based and does not break the baby out in any rashes!We used it with our little one in 2016 and loved it!Great product with a better price.Best wipes out there! Simple ingredients, not too thick, not too thin, unsented & super moist.These work great, and I always have them on hand for wiping my 16 month olds face and hands!People are complaining that these wipes get mold and etc. I never had that experience. I've been very happy with the water wipes! I don't use anything but these since it has absolutely zero ingridients that can harm your baby's skin. Zero rash! Love it!Never have to worry about texture or harsh chemicals causing diaper rash, and if they dry out I can just soak them in water and be good to go. Will never buy another brand again.I love these things with all my heart! I have bought multiple boxes and will continue to purchase until I don't need them any more. I don't worry these and the effects on baby's skin because they are just water and grapefruit extract...no harsh chemicals for my baby!Used them in the hospital when the babies were born, why use anything else?!Amazing product for sensitive skin. No scent, great to use!My son was super sensitive and broke out from all other wipes. These have been a life saver. We also use them to clean our bulldogs face wrinkles because they’re so gentle.I bought these bc the ones i usually buy were not available. I would use these for hand wipes, and face wipes, but not for wiping butts whether babies or pets'. 🙂These wipes are the best! Highly recommend.I really liked it. You can use it on faces, butts and anything you want. No scent and nicely moist with good sized cloth.These are the only wipes we use for our baby. They are moist and soft. Love how they are fragrance free and basically just water. We have these on subscription!The only baby wipes I’ll ever use on my children! I love them!Nice price and good product comparable to what I currently use. Thanks.By far the bet wipes EVER! I wish more moms I know would try this product so they'd understand what I mean. These wipes are super soft, super wet, and they are the only wipes that do not cause my child to break out in a rash because they don't dry out her little skin. I swear by these!!Love love loveI bought these because they are very gentle due to less ingredients than almost all other brands. However, because they are so difficult to separate each wipe it became too much of a hassle to use them with a squirming 1 year old. For this reason I will not purchase again.It cleans bums well and was sensitive on awful diaper rash.Helped clear my son's diaper rashThe simple truth is they are not made the same as they used to be and they are smaller forsure. You’re honestly better off buying other wipes that will do the same job. I stick to my Honest wipes.Wayyy too wet. Veryyy hard packaging to use. Wipes clump together. Will not purchase again.We live these wipes!! They give us the peace of mind and are also just great wipes and clean our babes bums perfectly and without causing irritation to them!I have always had sensitive skin which I have passed down to my babies. Finding this product has been a blessing. It gets the job done while being ever so gentle on my sweet little ones bottom. Where was it 4 years ago !!!! Love love love it!!!!99.9% water! Go for the best for your baby! I dont have this wipes sold in my country and it is really pricy to order them from amazon but still i found them so good so i was willing to pay the extra price...The only wipes we’ll use! Zero irritation, no yucky “baby wipe” scent. Totally worth the cost.I've been using these wipes for years! The absorbancy of water they hold is amazing. I would really recommend these wipes to all parents. Their very versatile also.AwesomeI wanted to like these because of the great ingredients. The wipes were too wet and somewhat small. Unfortunatly wouldnt buy again, I guess I'll stick to earth's best sensitiveI was sent expired wipes twice! This is extremely unsafe for your baby as they mold!The only wipes that don't cause skin irritation for my baby! We've tried all of the other brand name and off-brand "sensitive" wipes and all of them made his bottom raw. These are wonderful! Saves me time from having to rinse out all of his other wipes.I was subscribed to this but since I started the subscription I feel like the price has doubled. Not sure if it’s worth it anymoreWorks fine but leaves an oily residue behindWe were using these wipes exclusively until I found out that there is PubMed study that shows that they contain formaldehyde. No more!I love it because don't have chemicals that can irritate the skin of the babiesThese wipes are sturdy and gentle to the touch. So far, the pouch is keeping them moist.Your baby wipes broke out my newborn in a bad hives and rashes.I don't know what to do now I can't use it but I need baby wipes in the brakes more child if you can help please contact me.Best wipes ever for sensitive skin! I’m a believer. Only wish I had found them sooner. If you have sensitive skin, but then now!!!!These didn't work very well for us in our wipe warmers. They were always tearing when we tried to pull them through. They worked well enough as wipes but just weren't sturdy enough for the warmers we were using.I hope Amazon puts these on sale again! These are the only wipes I buy!!Product is expired!! Dry wipes that leaked. Would like a replacement asap pleaseThe wipes are high quality, but there is one major problem. Getting the wipes out of the packaging. It takes two hands. Sometimes you couldn’t see the future just right, and you need more wipes. Usually wheb this happens you don’t have both hands free. Well good luck getting the diapers out with one hand.Very good and soft.. recommend for baby sensitive skinHighly recommend. Piece of mind to know contains minimal amount of chemicals. Quite heavy. Can be hard to separate to pull away one piece, i’m assuming all because of the water content. My kiddos dont get a rash when used unlike other brands i have tried in the past.We love these wipes, but the packaging rips very easily, which can result in the wipes drying out. Otherwise, we'd give them a 5. They have never irritated our 19 month old son. I only wish we had discovered these wipes when our first two children were still in diapers.I like the purity, but they are hard to take out, like multiple come out of the package at a time, when you only need one.Genuine product and great wipes. Our girl is sensitive and these work so well for her. I'm glad I can find these here vs. running to the store with the little one.They super soft. I even use them sometimeI love that these wipes are close to water. I’m able to use them on not only my kids bottoms but also their face. The only issue I have is that sometimes multiple wipes come out when I only need one.We love these wipes. I wish they weren’t so expensive but love that they are wet. There’s nothing worse than having to use a dryer wipe to clean off anything (bottoms, noses, face and hands).They have changed these! DO NOT BUY! They now have chemicals in them and are smaller. I cannot believe the best product on the market for wipes changed what they were doing. So shady and what a huge disappointment. Never buying again!Too expensiveNo odor, no chemicals. Just a wet, clean wipe yo get off the poop. Works great, never tears.These are my favorite wipes, so I ordered more. They don’t rub his skin raw, but I wish they were slightly larger.love it！the best wipes I've ever used. it's fragrance free and very mild cuz my daughter got a running nose recently and refuses other wipes to clean her nose but accepted this one.I would give 5 stars, but our household is very frustrated with the packaging of these wipes. It feels nearly impossible to take out the wipes one at a time. Each time we change a diaper, we end up having to pull out a stack of 6 wipes, and then have to put what we do not use back until the following time. I really do love the wipes themselves, but am not sure if we will continue to purchase because of how difficult it is to actually get them out to use them.I wish the packages were bigger but the quality cannot be beat. Won’t ever buy another brand ever again !Love these wipes, I can never get enough of these. My son has really sensitive skin and these are perfect for him.I have tried a lot of different brands of wipes and these are my favorite. No smell and super durable. We accidentally washed one and it was completely fine after wash and dry.It great for our granddaughter skin. She breaks out easily.These stay wet longer than pampers and huggies wipes. They are also stronger , as a wipe. Overall- great, but just steep in price. This is what all wipes SHOULD be. Just a wipe and water. No need for the chemicals/irritants.Best I have used.Have been looking for a donation channel online for quite a while and found this Amazon Smile! More convenient for me to donate even I am working in a different city now!Very hard to take out just one wipe.
Does not have a proper lid to keep the moisture in.I liked the fact that these were 99.9% water. That's the reason I purchased these for my baby, but these irritated my baby's bottom and made it red. They also feel pretty rough and isn't very moist at all. I'm just using what I bought to wipe down her toys and gadgets such as her swing.So glad that there is a choice without chemicals. My child has had a reaction to other wipes but never to these, glad to have them.Love these all natural wipes! Both my kids got diaper rash bad and these wipes helped clear it up. Plus I love having an all natural product. These wipes are good for cleaning faces and they don't cause my baby's sensitive skin to break out.Love’em, Love’em, Love’emThese are GREAT wipes, and they work really well!! I love knowing that I'm not putting a bunch of chemicals on my baby's sensitive skin. My daughter struggled with skin irritations with other brands, even The Honest Company. So, I switched to these to see if they would help clear up her skin issues, which they did.We've bought so many boxes of these. They are amazing! No rash and she has extremely sensitive skin. So worth it and they are great for so many uses! Can't say enough good about them. Love them!!

*update 2018, still love them*I do love these wipes but don't like how fast they seem to dry out. Also, it's near impossible to just pull out one wipe which is irritating. Other than that, they work every bit as well as any other wipe.Great product! Fast shippingThese are perfect for newborns or babies with sensitive skin. Love that there is only two ingredients so I know it is safe to use on face and hands too! A little on the pricier side for wipes, but well worth it. Almost never gets rashes and I think mostly due to using these.These are THE BEST for helping diaper rashes. Regular wipes will irritate baby's skin but these are super gentle. They are too expensive for us to use all the time so we keep them aside for when she gets a rash.A dry, thin, waste of money. I can't imagine any diaper change that actually benefits from this wipe unless you use six sheets or more per diaper change which is a waste of money too. I only panic bought these because I couldn't find anywhere in my hometown or online! Wish I had just paid more for wipes that actually work!These are the only wipes that do not irritate my son's skin. I tried pampers sensitive wipes and they did not help.Works how it should work with peace of mind of not using all those chemicals for ourselves and baby on the way. There’s nothing wrong with these wipes. They’re not thick but they get the job done.Love these wipes! Very durable! Have just the right amount of moisture and my child has no reaction to them!Excellent productI like these wipes and their absence of chemicals typically found in these kinds of products, but they run a little smaller than other brands.My new favorite wipes for removing makeup! They have a nice light scent and are great for my sensitive skin. Makeup comes off pretty easilyWater wipes are amazing! I recommend them to everyone. They work great on sensitive skin.Wonderful. Not a complaint. Perfectly moist and leaves no irritation, scent, or any sign at all. Have used them from newborn to currently 7 months. Love them. Feel and smell much more pure than many of the others. Sure holds up better than the Seventh Generation ones, which have noticeable scent and fall apart much sooner.The wipes are very gentle to the touch. They are the only brand that I prefer to use on my son. They do not have an offensive sent and can be used on sensitive skin.Awesome! The best wipes ever! They helped get rid if my son's rash on his butt and they are so gentle and wet! They are awesome. Hands down the best wipes I've ever tried! Only downfall is They are pricey but definitely worth it!Our new born loves this product. He hasn’t had any reaction to it. I also love that it has no scent.I plan to purchase again once price is loweredthese are the best wipes for your baby! no chemicals, just good stuff. my baby skin does not get irritated when i use them. they are my favorite wet wipes.Loved that there’s pretty much nothing in them but water! They work, a little on the thinner side but overall they work great and are good for babyThese are the best wipes that I’ve used, so far. They are by far the wettest, thereby requiring fewer wipes to use.Hands down the best wipes ever! We love these so much! Worth the price!love these wipes, best for sensitive skinsMy daughter has sensitive skin and screamed when i used any other wipes on her especially she gets diaper rashes. I got this for her and i use it for my newborn as well.These wipes are great! Great ingredients with nothing that would bother the baby, and do a good job of getting stuff up. Glad to have wipes that work well and that I don't need to concern myself over in terms of harmful ingredients. Definitely recommended.These are the only wipes we can use. They are great for sensitive skin.Excellent product, very moisturegreat wipes. I love that there are only two ingredients. Not drying and haven't had any diaper rashes or sensitivities since using these wipes.I loved the deal these wipes are the best natural water wipes and protect my daughter’s delicate skin perfectly. The price I got was a great value. I am very happy.Ideal wipe for the baby!Great baby wipes for kids with sensitive skin. They have no order and they are very moist. Definitely our number one diaper wipe.I used to love the water wipes now it had a cleaning agent that although the amount is low causes irritation on sensitive skin. Still okay but not as good as they used to be.And they are smaller than the averageThese wipes are NOT worth the $30 I paid for them. They are smaller than the Huggies and pampers wipes and do not wipe up more as some people claim. I could have got 3 boxes of another brand with the amount I spent on these, that would have worked just as well.Love themThese work wonderfully to get the pollen and dirt off my dogs paws when she comes in from being outside.These wipes worked well and the ingredients are simple, which is nice. However, for the price, I'll only buy these occasionally. These aren't a must-have for us.My daughter was starting to develop diaper rash so we made the switch to these wipes and haven’t looked back!
They are great even with frequent use!These work really well, never irritate skin, don't smell strongly, and maintain moisture really well.Best wipes for sensitive bottoms. Not the best if your baby tolerates other brands...especially the way these are dispensed can be a pain where you fight to get one out and/or you get a bunch instead of just one.Super awesomeWe’ve used these for 4 years and always loved them....UNTIL they reformulated and added benzalkonium chloride, a suspected neurotoxicant. I immediately noticed a smell that I had never noticed before when I opened the new box. Less than thrilled that I’m stuck with a whole box of these reformulated wipes.I’m sure they work for some babies which I have heard they are great on them. My baby’s behind did not like these at all. She broke out within a few times of using these.
Went for another competitions brands natural care wipe and they are perfect for her hiney!Great for new born babies or babies with sensitive skin. Does not cause redness or irritation even works well for babys face and body.Clean, light fragrance. Only type we’ll use.We've used WaterWipes for about 3 years and have nothing but great things to say about them. There's virtually no scent and they stay moist for days even if the package is left open. The wipes hold up very well when using them and do a great job at cleaning kids and messes.Great wipes for sensitive skin!These are the best wipes & the only ones that work for my daughter. They are pure & don't cause burn, itching or dryness. I have sensitive skin, so I when I buy wet wipes, I use them on my face first & these are the only ones that don't burn my skinNot the same as the regular water wipesNo irritation or strange scentI absolutely chose these wipes over the store bought ones, soft, moist, and not to bad on the priceOur son lost 90% of his intestines and now has chronic, bilious, acidic diarrhea. I have tried pampers sensitive wipes, huggies (the regular and the green, sensitive kind), babyganics, and the 7th generation wipes. They just made his skin errupt and irritated. It's terrible. We switched completely to just water and cloth at home because that seemed to be the best for his bum.

Then I found these wipes. I was skeptical, for obvious reasons. We were very happy to find that he did not react to these wipes. Thank goodness. We still use the water at home because we are used to them now, but we use these whenever we are out and about.These wipes work great! My baby had a bad diaper rash and duryngbthat time it was recommended that we use just water to wipe her, we used these instead & they did the trick!Great item when we ran out of regular household wipes!! Thank you so much!My little guy breaks out in a rash when using traditional baby wipes, on bottom and face. He has no reaction to Water Wipes and they clean well. I like that they have a lot of moisture and not too dry.Love these but they are super expensive if you can buy the amazing versionSomewhat more dry than the wipes I traditionally use (Pampers Sensitive) but great when my daughter has diaper rash. These wipes prevent her from screaming in pain from the chemicals in the Pampers. 4 stars because they are less moist than I would like.These are the only wipes my toddler doesn’t have a reaction too. They are a little bit thin but work well.Favorite brand of baby wipes. Love how well they clean and love the minimal ingredients. Gives me peace of mind that harsh chemicals aren't being used on my baby.the best wipes for sensitive skin, only drawback is they are not “pop up” wipes, otherwise these are definitely our go to wipesThanks for the great product!!My favorite baby wipes for my daughter I will not use anything elseI like this product however my I received my box already opened....makes me a little nervous to get it already opened.These wipes are so much better than the standard baby wipes. They don't smell, they don't irritate our child, and we can use them to wipe our child's face, since they don't have harsh chemicals. We've gone through a few cases already, and we will keep purchasing these.Love these wipes they are soft and moist! By far my favorite and without chemicalsTo use to clean a toodler is a challenge; the wipes are too small and you need to use a handful. Great idea but the design is flawed.I used water with regular gauge for my newborn, like used in the hospital n then after coming home I switched to pampers sensitive wipes. In a day my daughter had a butt rash so I started looking for wipes with water n these were perfect. I couldn't be more relieved 😌. I love these wipes. Exactly like washing her bum with water.I use these for removing make up. Love a natural product.Love that these don’t have any harsh chemicals. Mostly water. Sensitive for my newborns sensitive and precious (and adorable) hiney!!!These wipes work well for when my infant had a bad diaper rash and was sensitive to regular baby wipes.Only wipes we will use! Our daughter is one of those little ones who gets horrific diaper rash when she's teething and these wipes and natura/organic diapers are the only things that help lessen the diaper rash. These are amazing. Worth every penny.The best. Used by all of our family members. No irritation, no soapy residue, no fragrances. Seriously, read the ingredient list on any pack of wipes and then go read the ingredients for these. That may help you make up your mind.These Water Wipes do a thorough job of refreshing baby as well as adult bottoms!No scent. Pure, pure, pure. A godsend for those of us with allergies.Really wet, not just damp. Best wipe ever for a baby.Bought these because they are the most gentle wipes on the market and we've been very pleased. Does the job. No odor. Baby friendly.Love this product, very moist, unlike other products I’ve tried.My daughter has sensitive skin and so far these water wipes are the ONLY wipes that I have found that doesnt irritate her skin. I can use it on her face without the bad taste from fragrances.These wipes work well but are way over priced, they very the price feo. $26 to $32 and you can buy them at Target every day price $31 and have them the same day so not a great deal.This is worth every penny. This is perfect for baby at every stage but I would definitely recommend this product for newborns. I love them!These are the only wipes I will use for my kids. My oldest was super sensitive these are the only thing that didn’t make her super red or break outbest product for your baby and the quantity for the buck is worth itI love these wipes.. I will never think of using any other wipes as long as these are available.

But I really wish these wipes are available in a box rather than the current pack. its a bit uncomfortable to take out the wipes compared to from a box.

other than that no issues.. I love this product .I love how natural these are. I was using honest wipes and it was irritating my babies skin big time. I switched to these and haven’t had a rash since. Dries fast. No extra crap added.Me encantan, son las únicas que no le hacen daño a mi piel.These are the only wipes that I use for my daughter. That said, I only gave 4 stars because they are very annoying to pull out. You can never get just one wipe.I love these water wipes. They're the only ones that don't irritate my LO's butt. Minus 1 star because the box it came in was wet but I couldn't find where the moisture was coming from...These were the only wipes that didn’t turn our baby’s bottom red. So glad we had a sample because it was the only one that worked. Now that’s all we buy.We'd been struggling with diaper rash issues with our newborn and these wipes have been wonderful! We hated the thought of having chemicals on our baby's brand new skin and these wipes were the perfect solution. They helped to clear up and prevent further rashes. These are now the only wipes we'll use. Only wish they were easier to get out of packaging.So grateful to find wipes that don’t contain aloe! And they work as well or better than other brands without the allergic reaction to Aloe.I love these wipes for my daughter. Only ingredients are water and fruit extract. They're very gentle on the skin while doing an excellent job. I won't use any other wipes.I love water wipes for the first month for baby. The wipes are so moist and soft with no added fragrances. My favoriteThe wipes I bought smell like alcohol wipes. DO NOT BUY! NOT THE REAL WATER WIPES.This product is great...we used it for a long time with our son!While the wipes are fine... the plastic container's are cheap. The sticky tape, that should seal the hole never sticks enough, so the hole is often left open. It kind of curls up. Also, once in a while the packages tears in a place that would let it dry out.The only wipes my family uses! My little guy has terrible rash from his milk protein intolerance and other wipes just made it worse (made him cry). These wipes, plus Boudreaux's Butt Paste and we're happy campers.Recommended by my daughter. No chemicals, soft and moistBest wipes on the planet and they are water based. I've tried pampers sensitive wipes, honest wipes, earth's best and these water wipes are the best on my downfall is they don't have a long shelf life so don't stock up on a years worth of wipes...Hands down, best wipes out there. The most natural and non irritating. Also, do not leave any little fibres, as I have seen with other brands. Just don't leave too long in a wipe warmer, as they can develop mold due to the naturalness and lack of preservativeThey are exactly as described. No irritations, cleans very well, does not tear, while cleaning. I need more!!!!These wipes are great and well hydrated so they don’t dry out. Also, nice to know there is nothing but water in them with .01 % fruit extractOur daughter gets rashes with traditional wipes. These have been great and her skin seems to react much better to these. Great sign up and save product.

We highly recommend this product.love that they’re natural and primarily water. We used these in the NICU so it made sense to continue using once we brought our son home.I love these wipes!!! My sweet girl broke out with every other type of wipe (sensitive, dye free, fragrance free). We found these and will not stray! They are wonderful.Awesome! I’ve used them since bringing my baby home from the hospital and at 9 weeks she’s never had irritation or diaper rash and I don’t use diaper cream. I do change her frequently.Love these. Great if you have allergies to chemicalsAs described! Good for sensitive skin!Horrible design... the wipes are not linked together. They are not staggered and the next wipe doesn't come out when you pull a wipe out. Constantly having to dig into my box to grab at the next wipe. Totally inconvenient when you're dealing with emergency poop situations where seconds count. Don't care how natural and pure these wipes are... will not buy again due to the poor design.Best wipes out there. They dont get dehydrated and they dont irritate sensitive skin. Will never buy anything else!Love these wipes. Cost is almost too much really. But i dont like any other wipes really. I feel they are the best wipes around for my little babyLove this product. Always works without disrupting skin or sinuses. Yay!!!best baby wipesI love that this is a product I can trust to use on baby, dog paws and bits, car messes and everything else!The only natural baby wipes I feel comfortable using for my baby. However they changed the sizing and now it is smaller. It got a little harder to pull out of the oxo baby wipe case I use. I hope the sizing go back to the bigger one.Love the wipes but not as thick as other water wipes out thereMy newborn had a rash that I could not get rid of so I switched from Pampers sensitive to these. I did a little research and there’s a lot of chemicals in most wipes so I wanted some that were more natural as long as she is an infant.Our babies don't have sensitive skin, but water wipes are more effective than other brands because of the water and gentle strength of the wipe.I have been using these for years. These are the best for kids with sensitive skin and also great if you dont like putting too many chemicals on your babys body.As advertisedAll wipe packages are already on their expiration date. Items expiring on 11/21 are sent and delivered on the 15th of November which is not acceptable especially for a baby product.Great wipes without all the nasty chemicals and unnecessary fragrances. My only complaint is the packaging. I repeatedly pull out more than one wipe at a time, but atleast you can easily put the excess back. The other nice thing is the wipes are very moist all the way to the last one!Make the switch from Costco brand wipes. My son never has issues with rash or irritation now. Very happy with this purchase and will be continuing to use them.I dont need to said much, only the neccesary , this wipes are the best choice for my baby cleaning careOnly wipes that don't give LO a rash! Love that I feel confident to wipe her hands and face with these because they have no chemicals. I gave it 4 stars because the price is so outrageous.We purchased these to use when our son gets diaper rash - less harsh. We’ve used them in the past so I went ahead and ordered a big box I expected the same quality product. However - for some reason the wipes are attached on the sides not the middle so they’re impossible to get out of the wipe container easily. Which you can imagine is a huge problem when dealing with a big poop!! Super aggravating. Won’t be reordering on these!This is not the same product as I have ordered previously. Why is amazon allowing the rating to follow this product when it has changed- ?ingredients are different. Product has chemicals now. Used to be just water and grapefruit extract.My kids love these wipes. Doesn’t hurt them when they have a rash and no irritation to there sensitive skinsIt’s the best choice when going out. It’s contains more water than pampers, honest companies and huggies. Also I use it for wiping hands before eating. Or clean baby’s hand.Love the water wipes. No chemicals and no smell. A bit hard to separate the sheets at times but well worth the hassle to have an all natural and non toxic product.Hands down the best wipes there are!!! They don’t dry out, wipe dirty behinds the cleanest, and keep diaper rash away!These didn't wipe very well at all. As I do prefer more natural approaches, I went back to using our Prince Lionheart wipes warmer and making my own solution for use with reusable cloth wipes.Used these wipes for my newborn after she was always breaking out in rashes. Although the wipes seemed to be a little on the thin side in comparison to other wipes, they really did help minimize the diaper rash as they don't have any other chemicals.Buy* buy* buy*
In love with this baby wipes. No redness, no smell, no chemicals! Using this for my baby. Worth buying!Too wet and it was expired already when I received themOnly wipes I would ever use on a newborn. Perfect for my little guys very sensitive skin. Well worth the priceI use these on my dog Riley and they are amazing. No strong fragrance, durable but sensitive and it stays moist at all times.Healthy but no texture. It slips on baby's skin. Hard to do clean job. Also I wonder why it's more expensive than other wipes as it's just water and fruit extract and the wipe fabric is so so.I got thee for my daughter to use with. She really likes them and the fact that there are no chemicla. We'll order more when these are finishedLove they are just water and EO. Because of this they don't glide over the skin very well. I would still use them if the containers didn't have the sticker seal. Those just don't work as natural use, dust, etc get on the sticker and then it won't seal properly or at all. Option is to buy a wipes container or travel container, but I don't care for those.This is the best product I have ever used for my baby. IT gives me confidence to use this fantastic healthy wipes for his butt, face, hands, to clean the high chair, anything - as I know they do not contain chemicals! ABSOLUTELY - LOVE Waterwipes!My grandson was having problems with every wipe out there even the hypoallergenic ones. These have only water and they are great. It sure beats using washcloths and having to clean them all the time.The best wipes. I love that they are made tough enough to clean up the messiest diapers but gentle enough to use on a baby bum.Nice wipes. Basically water wipes with no scent. I was surprised by how much each package weighs but nice to use them to wipes hands, face and other baby parts if you're on the go. Also I saw they sell individual packages at Walmart.Love these. These are the only wipes I have found that don’t irritate my infant’s skin. I have tried to switch to less expensive wipes a few times and switch back to the water wipes within a day or two.Love love love these wipes. The whole family uses them. We used these from when my daughter was 2 weeks old. They're so gentle, no fragrance, and only have 2 ingredients. Look at any "natural" baby wipe and you'll see at least 8 ingredients, some ingredients which have no business being put on a baby's body.Good wipes, horrible package. You can't get these out of the package one at a time with one hand. You will need a weighted wipes container for these or you will go crazy along the way.I love these wipes. All the other brands I've encountered initiate a diaper rash and these wipes do not. They are incredibly gentle on sensitive skin and are like, 99.9x% water! I'll never ever buy another brand.Best wiper in the world. I use them as women intimate wipes and they are perfect.Oh water wipes, how I love you. So free of anything harmful and just the right size. They are a little difficult to remove from the container, occasionally, though, and sometimes come out as a clump instead of individually.Bought for my grandson. Works well with out all the harsh chemicals of regular wipes.Works great on my baby with sensitive skin and durable. Wish the package sealed a little better after opening.These work great and really work well with our wipe warmer, which has saved us from son screaming late at night if the wipes are cold.These are great to use on a baby with sensitive skin, especially while fighting a diaper rash. However, these are expensive and hard to get one wipe out of the package at a time.I cant say enough good things about WaterWipes. This wipes are amazing. Yes, they are just water, but we've been using them for approximately 8 months and zero diaper rashes for our sensitive skinned baby boy. We first found WaterWipes when our newborn baby boy had his first diaper rash. It was bad, and it took forever to heal. Our pediatrician recommended using only water to cleanse with during diaper changes. Once the diaper rash started to clear, I did not want to take the chance of returning to conventional wipes, but really liked the convenience of a disposable wipe. To my great surprise and relief I found WaterWipes. I will never use conventional wipes again, and and truly great greatful to the makers of WaterWipes. It's an amazing product that keeps the light of my life clean and rash free.These are the only wipes we use!It truly makes you feel like baby’s bottom is clean, keeps his baby skin fresh and ready to conquer the world!My wipes came in mouldy! This didnt happen the first time, couple of months maybe a year ago same thing happened! Very upset cause i really like this brand for my kids...I love that i can use these wipes on my kids hands and face as well. Very good for sensitive skin. The only I don't like is sometimes the wipes get too watery.Extremely difficult to grab - not easily peelable from the rest of the stack. Especially tough to peel away from the rest of you use a refillable holder. Not a good purchase- especially when the toddler is rolling around and you can’t get ahold of a wipe....The only downside is that it could be more wet.I've ordered these for the past 9 months always with great results. No delays.Love the fact that it’s all natural! It’s soft and cleanses well. I just wish they weren’t so expensive. It’s perfect for sensitive skin!Best baby wipes out there, however a bit pricey than the competitors. Worth the extra buck.These wipes are so perfect for my son. He has very sensitive skin but since using these he is more calm during diaper changes. We’ve been using them for about 3 months now.I love these because of the no chemicals great to clean a toddlers face!If only I knew with my first kid what I have learned with my second. At home I hgave given up wipes for cloth and a squirt bottle filled with distilled water, baby soap and tea tree oil, but that is just not practical when we are on the go or just out for the day. These are the safest purest wipes you could ever use on your baby. Other wipes, even the so-called organic and natural I have been using for years have ingredients I wish I had never used. Too late for that now but I will never use anything else again if I can help it. The ingredients-Just water and grapefruit extract, and that's it!Very good brought for my granddaughter her mom like them alotI love that the wipes are nice and wet. They seem soft and the solution didn't irritate my baby's skin. They are a bit smaller than I like and the way they are folded they don't pop up one after another.Thin and flimsy material. Wish it was thicker so it would be easier to use. Also one wipe doesnt fold into another. So everytime you have to find the flap on the new wipe and pull it out. Very aggravating.Water wipes are one of my favorite wipes. My baby has very sensitive skin and these do not irritate the skin. I have tried several other wipes and by far these are the best. They leave no residue either so I don't have to worry about baby's skin not being clean.Good wipes a little on the thinner sideAll pros for me! I like the product’s simple ingredients and how it’s great for sensitive skin!I was hoping to love these more especially due to the simple and baby friendly ingredients. However, the wipes are paper thin and do not come out of the packaging easily. I have to use twice as many and get the wipes ready before changing baby. I’m looking for more quality and ease of use and will be going back to Huggies.In love with these natural baby wipes. Have used these from the day our baby was born. They dont have perfumes added so its gentle. I have seen these in some hospitals too. Say bye to Pampers and Huggies baby wipes.My 15 month old and I love these wipes! No scary chemicals and we love to have them on hand for sticky hands and faces! Worth the price, I am a bargain shopper but when it comes to my daughter and the products I use on her I like to go as natural as possible!Love and have used since buying wipes became a stapleI love this stuff!!! Really wet texture and chemical free! If you really care about your baby's health and well being you should try this amazing stuff! I know it is kind of pricy, but it worth every penny!Definitely not the real water wipes; and I use these on myself rather than a child. Pretty sure that due too the use of these wipes I have developed a yeast infection. Definitely not happy.I LOVE these wipes, I’m only giving 4 stars because I noticed these came a little drier then usual, so I’ll just stick to purchasing in store.Best wipes for sensitive skin. They are also sturdy/don’t fall apart when using.Really love these wipes. Only complaint is same as every other soft package of wet wipes - difficult to pull out one at a time. Wish companies would start packaging better so easier to use.These are awesome!! I love that they don't irritate the skin! Every other wipe out there smells like chemicals! Even organic... Even all natural..... Even sensitive! These are so gentle! I order them in bulk! I will never use another brand of wipes!!my son has very sensitive skin - so sensitive that diaper rash creams made his condition worse, not better. using these wipes helped clear his diaper rash quickly without the use of anything else. i wish the packs contained more that 60 wipes, though and that these were available as a Subscribe and Save item.Our favorite wipes since our little guy was a newborn - he is now 14 months. Great to hands, face and surfaces as well. The wipes are a little thing, but feel better about no harsh ingredients.Use them they work great! Don’t TearI love them they’re wonderfulMy son has extreme eczema, and this is the ONLY wipe we can use. We discovered that he had a sensitivity to cocamidopropyl betaine, and that stuff is in nearly every other brand. After some research, I discovered these on Amazon. They are great and don't have all the junk and chemicals the other brands have. I literally have no complaints. Excellent product and worth the $.This is an amazing product. We have used it for both of our children.Love these wipes! We used to use Earth's Best, but tried these on a whim when some of the Earth's Best ingredients became controversial. I love that these wipes contain only two ingredients. They are soft and work exceptionally well. We have never had any issue with diaper rash when paired with our chlorine free diapers. Great product!Work well. Simple and safe so you don't have to worry about ingredientsLove these wipes! My little one has VERY sensitive skin, so we needed wipes that wouldn't cause a rash or irritation. These wipes are great and free of harmful chemicals. I highly recommend them.This item appears to be a store return repackaged and sold as new. The wipe packs are not placed in the box correctly and there is red return restock sticker on the bottom of the box.Item came in a little dry compared to the two previous boxes I have received.These are great in terms of being good for rash recovery. The problem is they feel rubbery, they don't glide. Just not worth the price for the way they slide.I like these wipes because they are very gentle on baby skin and nave no smell. My pediatrician recommended them in particular for sensitive skin. I give them 4 stars due to the really awkward packaging: it is almost impossible to get a single wipe with one hand as they stick together.Wipes were dry . Do not order from them . I should have just purchased at the storeWe prefer Amazon unscented wipesCleans well, no stinging, perfect wetness, great qualityI love these wipes. I use them for everything. My only complaint is that they are very cold (but it's to be expected). The quality of the wipes are great.Tried couple other brands wipes, these remain our favorite. The wet towelettes are thick, other brand easily rip or little pieces would flake off, these won't. They do a good job of cleaning but without any artificial scent.We have been using these wipes for 8 months. We tried other wipes and our baby's skin reacted to what was in them. These are just water..really. I use them to wipe her face-everything and am happy to know they have nothing in them!Love these wipes. The only thing I wish they would fix is how they layer the wipes. I wish they were easier to pick out of the bag. Besides that, I love having a purer, safer option for baby wipes! They don't sting or irritate my baby's or toddler's bottoms :)I love this product! Great for sensative skin. I can them for diaper changes, face washing or runny nose problems.These are my favorite wipes. But I received a dryer pack and it’s not pleasant to use on my son. I would leave a 5 star review if these were not dry.Purchased for my daughter who is concerned about chemicals in the baby wipes. These are 99% water. She was using soft paper towels and water, and I wanted a chance to change my grandbabys diaper, but I was not resorting to paper towels. I found these, and my daughter loves them! Safe for the baby, and as easy to use as the other wipes.I wish I knew about these soonerWhen delivered 1 of 3 packs was leaking fluid. I ended up throwing it away because I didn't want to risk it with my kid.I tried them all and this on is the best. No irritation. No rashEffective but not “threaded” in a way that makes them wipe warmer friendly.Love these wipes! I have a new baby. We originally tried seventh geveration wipes, a trusted brand, but our babies bum quickly became very red. We were able to narrow down the redness to the wipes. I searched the Enviromental Working Groups database for the cleanest wipes and found these. Now, no redness! Safe for baby without chemicals! Subscribe and save and the bulk box make them adorable. Very happy.I love these wipes. I've never worried about hurting baby's bum, even when he has a rash and my other boys always ask, before I use these to clean their chapped, dirty faces, if I'm using the 'gentle' wipes. These are the best.Great product!I wont use anything else on my kiddos because there's nothing in them to irritate their skin.Best wipes, my daughter is allergic to everything and these help keep the diaper rashes at a minimumI always use this wipe,very easy to clean my baby and never let my baby allergy. But there is one problem that it's not easy to take the wipes out of the case, sometimes I can't just take one wipe out.It's amazing that they are natural but I feel you need to use half of the pack for a dirty b***! Theyshould have something for the poop to hold on, otherwise I feel it just helps to spread it around!A wipe is a wipe, right? Wrong. There really are differences lol. I absolutely love these wipes. They are moist and high quality but scent free and not full of chemicals. Also not overly thick, so they don't feel wasteful.I would be willing to pay more to have these with a hard plastic cap (like Pampers'), everything else about these wipes is great.From all the wipes we bought and received from family and friends these are keepers. Soft ,dont dry in the warmer, no scent and perfect sizeThese are the BEST wipes you can buy. They stay moist and are so soft. The only wipes that don't irritate my baby's bottom. You must try these!Only thing that doesn’t burn babies bum.I've used these since my now 7 month old was a newborn and I love them. They seemed to have changed size with the last shipment but it's not a big deal to me. I feel great using these knowing no extra chemicals are being put onto my daughter's body.Perfect love it better for my baby skin but the sticky part to keep wipes wet is badMy baby never had a rash. Those wipes are REALLY good! More expensive than many wipes out there but worth the $$These wipes are very flimsy and thin; they smear instead of wipe cleanly. Also, they are way too wet. I will stick to the Honest brand, those are the best.Kind of hard to get out of the package when diapering. Often come out two at a time, which is annoying. Other than that, I like them a lot and I'm glad to be avoiding the use of one more chemical on my baby!They are super moist and soft my baby and I love them :)Keeps the baby clean. No chemicalsThis one is a keep. I use it to clean my lil girl’s booty, her face and hands after each feeding session, and even to wipe my own makeup off of my face or hands after a messy makeup session lol. I love how I never feel like I’m endangering her or her sensitive skin in any way whenever I use it. I’m staching’em for the whole year :D Thank you water wipes for existing! I’d only love you more if you can lower the shipping fees. It’s a bit pricy in my book, not that ain’t worth it tho.Worked great!Best wipes ever! Tried different ones and either they shred or too much stuff on them. I love this cause I can use it from her head to toe and I know it’s safe.Love these wipes! Very natural and also very drenched so wipes up super easy wo making baby’s butt raw from wiping so many times. Wish they weren’t so expensive though since your literally paying for mostly waterI've been ordering these for 4 months. Never had a problem with mold. Just one time, one of the packs was leaking, but they were still usable. My baby has very sensitive skin and these don't do anything weird. I even use them on the rest of her body including face for random clean ups.Great for sensative skin but they are not fun the change a diaper with. They tend to push stuff around not remove it. I think it it because the wipe has no texture to it.Fantastic wipes and even better when they go on SALE!!! always keep and eye out!!I use these for my babies face. They don’t dry out his face or break it outvery nice and more on the wetter side of the wipe. the only thing I would like for them to change is how they are folded. when I pull one wipe, the next one does not pull out. I wish it did.Love these wipes. Chemical free and they work great. I love that I can use them to wipe her eye or mouth and have zero worries about burning or irritation. I also like that they are essentially unscented.Took a second to get used to these but overall- Inlike then better for my son who has major eczema.Love these wipes for my grandson’s sensitive skin. I use them for in the car and many other things also.We love love love water wipes in our house!!!!!!!!!! No qualms.. except the price! :|
I so wish they were just a little bit more reasonable.

*I paid full price and this is my honest and unbiased review.It is fragrance and alcohol-free with good quality.but it always come out in clumps. It's very inconvenient to use.All baby should have thisThese are not biodegradable. They are absolutely fake. I wish I read the other reviews before buying.I tried a lot of brands when my twins were born and this is my favorite! They have the perfect texture; not too slick, not too rough. I can often use just one wipe per change, even with poo. They don't have a smell, they aren't too wet or dry, too thick or thin...in a word, PERFECT!Love these wipes! My daughter has very sensitive skin and these are the only wipes that dont cause any irritation!Ok product. Like the fact that it's water-based and doesn't smell. Can be too moist at times. Have to squeeze to get some water out.

Not interlocked, so cannot be used in a warmer and easily pulled out one by one.My wife and I love these wipes. Our son has had rashes from other brands. Used these and he’s never had one since! Very moist and durable!These are my favorite wipes! They don't leave behind an unpleasant chemical film that seems present in most other brands, including Pampers sensitive, which I used for years.I was happy with this product but found these pieces of tape on wipes in the last pack. I have been a customer for a year, and this is the first time its happened but it has put me off buying again as they clearly don’t quality check.These glide well and do not irritate my baby's skin. I much prefer them to honest wipes and others I've tried. Love these!Perfect for wiping off face and hands after eating and crawling in between washing hands. They are gentle and cause no rash. Not scented and gentle. Enough moisture to do the job in one or two wipes.I really liked how wet they felt. I used fewer to clean up my son.We love these wipes! We use cloth diapers and cloth wipes when we're at home. We use these wipes when we're out and about though and send them with our daughter to day care (for use with the cloth diapers). We have had virtually no diaper rash her entire life (14 months). The other mom in our nanny share switched to these after previously using pampers sensitive wipes (which still caused a rash on her baby). I understand they're available at Walgreens but we've always ordered them online.Don't like the feelI had a good customer service experience with the seller with item lost . I love the product good for my baby skin not a lot of ingredients simple and natural , I do recommend this product.Fabilosas la volveria a comprarI’ve used these wipes for over two years with my two year old and now with my newborn. They have been amazing until now. The past two boxes I have purchased of water wipes, one on amazon and one on Buy Buy Baby, have been super dry and not as wet, same texture as the typical buggies wipe. Not spending my money on these again.Very nice thick wipe. Well made and no chemicals on baby is a plus! Be aware that these come with an expiration date on them because they are only water and fruit juice. So buy as you need them.So soft for anyone’s skin!These wipes are thick and so wonderful to use for newborns. There is no alcohol, just plain water and a small amount of fruit extract. We used them for newborn twins and for our 18 month old who is prone to diaper rash. No problems with either. Buy these, you will love them.Fast delivery and exactly what I was looking for.Perfect for babies with super sensitive skin. They are thick and hold up!These are great wipes. We keep them in our warmer and use them daily. They do a great job of cleaning my baby without all the chemicals. Would recommend.These are great for babies with sensitive skin and anything you might want toud them for, since they’re just water with a tiny bit of grapefruit extract. They do not however separate very easily and are not as heavy duty for messy jobs, so be warned.good to use for the buttWe use these wipes all the time, they are really great! Knowing they are moisten with only two ingredients is for us really advantage before other brands. They are actually very moist, have no smell and work great.Best wipes for sensitive skin! After going through all the other brands, this is the best brand I’ve found. Price is great too!!These wipes get stuck together most of the time and are a lot smaller than most baby wipes. They don't have any texture so it's a little harder to clean baby. I do love the fact that they only have 2 natural ingredients and don't cause any reaction to my baby's skin.These our favorite wipes! Perfectly (slightly) scented and contains nothing but water!Love these as makeup removers!! No skin irritant at all, they're absolutely lovely! I think they would be the best on the market for babies skin as they do not irritate! We love them!My Daughter has eczema days are the best wipes for children with eczema and during times when they have bad diaper rash. They work better during diaper rash times then pampers aqua.Purchased these for my daughter to use on our grandson!! She loved them as I did.I'm looking for natural wipes that's safe for the whole body so this came up from my search. It's a great idea but please, use cotton or cotton enhanced materials to make your wipes! I need the wipes to get the poops off my babies' butts not just to make it super wet then wipe off with tissues. Also, why all the wipes come out every time I only want to get one? They all stick together and you can't get just one wipe without using both hands. Useless product if you want to use it to wipe clean your babies's butts but it's good if you only want to use it to wipe your face and hands.I love the water wipes, they clean my baby so well and I feel comfortable wiping his hands knowing that if he puts his hand in his mouth he is not ingesting all the chemicals other brands useI've tried a few wipes and these so far are my favorite. I brought them to the hospital with our newborn as I know many hospitals only provide washcloths and you wet them yourself in the night. I liked that these are chemical free without a fragrance so I felt safe using them on my newborn. The hospital nurses confirmed these were ok to use on him. I've been using these for him since we brought him home. I tried another brand and I found the smell to be irritating to my nose whereas these don't have a fragrance. Also, there is a lot of moisture so after a big explosion I actually found these did a better job cleaning up the mess than other wipes. Definitely recommend them!Love these wipes!
Perfect for cleaning up her beautiful face while she eats. These are the only wipes we use in our house.Amazing for diaper rash
They don't scream like normal wipesThese wipes are generally great, I have bought them several times before. Unfortunately, the order placed through this vendor is not the quality I expect. The wipes I received are much more dried out than they should be (I still had another pack from my last order to compare. I am not sure if these have been sitting on the shelf for too long or what the deal is, but I am not pleased and would not order from this vendor again.Pretty great but hello bello can deliver too. And it comes with the diaper bundle 🤷🏼‍♀️💖Durable and easy on our baby’s skin.Love the quality but hate the price I mean its water wipes what costs so much to make it more expensive than others?thankyou just what i wantedLove them but i gave 4 stars because i wish they were thicker...Upset 6/30/18: Baby is 21 months old and these wipes are still AMAZING!!

Been using these since Baby was born. Baby is two months old now and has never had any skin irritations. Love these wipes!The name definitely fits. Each wipe you get out is soaked I had to start ringing them out a little before I could use them.My son has very sensitive skin and these wipes work perfectly for him. My wife loves that there are no chemicals in them and she uses them to wipe his face after messy feedings. I will definitely be buying more of these wipes.These are great!! Our little one was having probs with diaper rash,and these have made it history. This is the only wipe not loaded with a bunch of chemicals. We love them and will continue to buy them. Thank goodness someone could invent such a simple product for our babies. THANK YOU!No Fragrance you know its all natural and still does the job when i smell my 2 year olds bottom hehehehehehe after number 2!Very good wipes. They don’t cause irration, so it’s perfect for babies with sensitive skin. It doesn’t dry out baby’s skinthese are fake!! they have chemicals, plus the wipes are so rough, nothing like the real wipes, DONT buy them!!!THE BEST WIPES OUT THERE! No other wipes have touched my babies butt since the day she was born, literally, we brought these wipes to the hospital with us when I was in labor! She has never had diaper rash or any type of redness - EVER! They are pricey but so worth it!Mother of 3 and my youngest, 4 months can't use anything else right now. He gets diaper rash. Plus, if I can clean my babies bottom with a more natural cloth... I would rather do so.Very gentle, but they have no grip! Feels like you aren’t truly getting clean because it’s not grabbing the yuck off - more like gliding over it.Very convenient to take it out use it. Won't take lots of space.Best wipes. Ordering already second boxI don’t think these have scents ? Used this for our one month baby after his surgery . Works great for sensitive skinWork well, no irritation.Our 1yr old used to get terrible diaper rash during the summer, esp after swimming, despite frequent changes. Several colleagues and friends recommended this brand and it’s made a world of difference. So thankful!Found myself having to constantly wring the water out of the wipes. But that's my only complaint. These work great and would be even better with a wipe warmer.I love the water wipes as it keeps me clean without any irritation whatsoever. Bought them over and over and will still do it. By far there is a big difference when using theses in place of the others on the market. Worth every penny. dotsyPast expiration date.these are the best natural wipes out there currently. we buy them by the box full monthly for our 2 boys and use them for everything daily. just scored a bunch of 4 packs at target on clearance with a 6 month expiration. we will use these first but of the hundreds of packages we have purchased over the last 3 1/2 years we only had 2 grow mold and I mainly blame that it was delivered in the summer and the packages sat in the heat outside to long so that is why it happened. Either way we emailed the company and sent a pic and they sent us out replacements. Only con i see about these wipes, which i have mentioned to the company, is that the wipes themselves could be made out of a more natural material and not plastic byproducts like the rest of the company's out there. That was the answer i got also, "it's what all wipes are made of and the only cost efficient way they can be made" Kids are never cost efficient and ill pay to keep them safe from chemicals just need a company to make them so I can buy them. Wish they made flushable ones too.Product is good. But quality of packaging is very poor. It appears that they try to save money. The stickiness of the packing loses grip shortly after opening.

Dont cut corners and stay authentic.Great wipes and good to know that it’s just water touching my baby’s skinMost pure wipes next to cloth wipes.My daughter is allergic to everything but these work wonderfully. No reaction to them at. They are super moist so you don't have to use a ton of them.My favorite wipes ever! Softness, moist, great soft scent.Love these wipes. Great quality.I REALLY like that these have 2 completely natural ingredients. Seems crazy to pay for wipes that are just water but i was tired of washing our cloth ones. These aren't as "greasy", wipe as smoothly or as thick as regular wipes because they are almost completely water. Overall these make this naturally-minded mama very happy!!I will be changing to subscription, instead of one time purchase.These wipes work well, and I like the fact that they don't have many of the added chemicals that other brands do. I get these in my monthly shipping and I have no complaints about them.Love these wipes so much! I also use them for makeup removal! Smell and feel like water. No harsh chemicals so no stinging or irritation. Could tell a huge difference after switching from chemical filled other wipes. Will never go back!Best wipes I came a across! For sensitive skin 😍The wipes are OK. Pampers are more absorbent. I am really disappointed in Amazon, though. We ordered 3 boxes using our Diaper Bucks from the Amazon Baby registry. First set we received were due to expire 2 weeks after receipt. Amazon sent us another set, due to expire 3 months after receipt. Barley acceptable.Love these... best for all babies so glad we had these when our daughter was first born she was having reactions to other wipes these cleared up the redness in a day so great love themWe’ve used water wipes on our 15 month old since she was born and she’s never had diaper rash. They are durable and super mild. Great great product.I love the idea of these wipes, but most children require more than one hand to change- some require 5-6 sometimes!- and the way these wipes are folded I cannot get one out of the package without 2 hands. Incredibly frustrating!All de have used for our sensative skin toddler. These are cheaper here than big box stores.we have been ordering them for the past 7 months since our baby was born. Great help and does its job.Love these, but they don't link together........which may or may NOT be your preference. I like them linked together when there is a poo to change.......hard to keep reaching in for a single. SO now I get a bunch out and prepare first......These work great for my newborn. Simple wipes, no perfumes smell!Absolutely love these chemical free wipes. I also like the texture of this one, it is very gentle for baby's bottom. I took 1 star just because the wipes are not piled up perfectly in the package, I have to fish around one wipe at a time.Love this product but can’t stand the way they pull out of the package. I just want one wipe at a time, not 10. Very frustrating when you’ve got one hand on a baby.These wipes are pure and overall very good! The only reason I give 4 stars and not 5 is because they are very saturated, overly saturated in my opinion, and make the cleaning process a wet one.Moist and softI LOVE these wipes! They’re always saturated and some wipes dry out after you open the pack. Not these. I feel confident using these that they’re safe for my baby.Fantastic wipes. The other brands gave our baby a rash. We decided to try these and there fantastic. No irritation at all. Definitely recommend for babies with sensitive skin.Truly the best wipes I've ever used! Very moist, gentle for all skin types & can be used anywhere on the body, including your face. We have used them since my son was a newborn and nothing else compares!!!When my son had a severe allergic reaction to store brand baby wipes I set out to find something more natural. Water wipes are amazing! No harsh chemicals! Also they are always very moist and make diaper changes a breeze. I will never use another baby wipe brand.Love these! Can’t find but on Amazon. Simple. Water and cotton. No slime residue. No drying skin. No skin flare ups. Just simple clean wipes.
Thank you. ❤️We love these and only use these for our son. He has very sensitive skin and we have never had a problem with these.I Love these wipes. Baby has really sensitive skin. It's nice when we're feeding her out about that I dare wipe her face with them.Thes wipes are pesky. They don't pop up so you can quickly grab them, and they are folded so you have to unfold before each wipe.Love it!! I love water wipes, wish could be a little bigger(sometimes is a bit small for cleaning up after “big bomb”)Very natural and no chemical odor or fragrances. My only complaint is that about 1/3 of the wipes are somewhat on the dry side. I would encourage this company to practice more quality control to ensure consistency with the moistening of each wipe.Best wipes out there, not like other brands leave soapy feeling on your hands and skin, this one is like you are just using water.I like the idea behind these which is why I bought them for my second child in the newborn stage, but I was disappointed at how wet they are. I am very mindful that too much moisture causes diaper rash, so I would dry his skin after using these and mostly did not have diaper rash issues. I now use other wipes that are just not as moist.These are amazing for babies with sensitive skin. Helped with my babies rash for sure.In my opinion I received fake product. The wipes didn’t have the same silky feel and didn’t glide along the skin as they have when I’ve purchased them elsewhere. I went back to buying them at Target and they are the wipes that I loved with same silky texture. Will not be purchasing these from Amazon any longer.These are the only wipes we prefer for our baby. They stay moist and durable. We love buying these wipes in bulk.Great for newborns. They do stick together a bit, but the product states this can happen. Overall happy with the price and product.Love these wipes for our baby. No problems on her skin and there is no scent.Amazing! Would recommend to others.I love these wipes. My now 8 1/2 month old had terrible diaper rash when she was much younger and any other brand wipes made it worse. Once I discovered these and changed diaper creams, it cleared up. Also I am still nursing and she is very sensitive to acidic foods if I eat them.l, but these wipes helped her even before I discovered the connection to the foods I eat. Also these wipes never leave a film behind like other brands did. They also are very gentle and great for removing my eye make up in a pinch. My only complaint with the wipes themselves is that, due to their unscented nature, I sometimes have to wash her with good old soap and water during a diaper change if her poop was especially stinky. My other complaint is with the price. I just discovered that they are cheaper at my local Giant grocery store.My baby has incredibly sensitive skin and breaks out with everything. These are the ONLY wipes that don't cause a breakout. They are worth every penny.I wish I could love these wipes. Switched after we got a bad batch of Babyganics wipes during their recall. It's hard to get individual wipes out of the packaging - they come out in bunches and I have to shove the unused ones back in. And the packaging is SO LOUD and crinkly, not exactly ideal for middle of the night diaper changes. I'll be switching back to Babyganics when their recall issues are resolved.Very pleased especially for my children with sensitive skinDid wonders for my eczema prone baby.Bought them for my granddaughterI bought these wipes for my baby, who has been allergic to other brand of wipes. It just contains water (99%) and rest Grape Seed Extract, nothing else. After we started using these wipes, the recurrence of diaper rashes reduced. It is expensive but monthly subscription saves $$.I liked the wipes. They didn't break my babies skin out like the other ones have. They are a little thin which is why I am giving 3 stars. Have to use more of them than other brands.I’ve tried so many different brands and these wipes are by far THE BEST.We really enjoy these wipes for our son. They are reasonably priced and have no harsh chemicalsWipes seem very old there was an odor I bought a box before from babies r us and there were no smell as it is all water but these had a funk smell to them so disappointingAs in the description is very beautiful and excellentBest wipes I’ve ever used. They have so many purposes and gets everything clean. I will be repurchasingIt's leaves a refreshing feelingPerfect for newborns and babies with sensitive skin. These are really wet and nicely made. My only complaint is that they are sometimes difficult to get out of the pack without pulling several wipes out; and for the price, you do not want to waste these.These are THE best wipes EVERGreat for cleaning without chemicals. We are currently using them for a seven week old puppy. Cleaning the puppy and his play space without harsh ingredients is healthier and gives us peace of mind.I keep buying these, but theyre no good for a wipe warmer because of they way they’re folded and stacked on top of each other. Other than that, no complaintsFirst time mom and i am into quality products. These wipes i was able to use around my son's circumcision without feeling like it was going to sting him. These are the only wipesi will purchase!Excellent wipes for those sensitive to chemicals. Unlike big box brands we've never had an issue with these.If you are looking for the perfect wipe. This is it. It is water on wipes, no chemicals, no diaper rash ever again. I even use less desitin now. I always wash my baby after he poops and this has saved even me from doing it. Excellent and worth every penny.Love love love these wipes!!! They are so much more moist than traditional brands and are great for everything from "sponge baths" to wiping up spills and the usual diaper clean up. No rashes here either!They only thing my baby’s butt agrees withI love love water wipes! They work great for my baby. They are very moisturized definitely recommend theseWork well, good for sensitive skin. Just wish it had a plastic snap capBest wipes on the market.the only wipes that i use when my baby has a diaper rash! it helps clear things up real quick. i find that if i use any of the other wipes, even sensitive, the rash sticks around much longer.Using for yearsThe product is great. Love that it's a few basic ingredients. Had no problems with my son's skin, but honestly it felt like a pain in the butt to pull each one out of the package. I bought a value pack of these, and each of the four packages had the same issue. I won't buy again.best wipes every, my first one used to get many diaper rash, so I decided to change to everything to green(diapers, wipes, etc) for my 2nd one. I changed diapers to andy pandy and wipes to this Water wipes. My 2nd one is now 10 month, and never had any diaper rash, at all!! It wipes very well, and also no perfume scents at all. Love the quality a well !We love these wipes! Switched to huggies wipes for a week because these were getting too expensive but baby got a rash so went back to these and will not switch again. Wish they were a little cheaper thoughThese wipes are amazing! I'm not comfortable with all the chemicals that are in other wipes. These are simple and make me feel better about using them on my baby.It’s so dry and look like fake .. Better to buy from Walmart or somewhere else .Love the concept behind these wipes, but I think the packaging could be improved. The adhesive on the resealable flap wears off leaving the package susceptible to drying out. It is very difficult to get one wipe out of the container, I often pull out 5 wipes at a time when I need only one. I didn't reorder simply for this reason.I love the product but hate the package! It is frustrating having to cut it open and place
It into a different container since it doesn’t open/close the way other wipes do.It’s goodI have been sharing these with friends. They are so useful. Love them because I get the convience of a wipe without all the chemicals or other adjectives or smells.Great product I only use these on my baby and family. Huggies and other brands have so much junk inside their products. My daughter has no diaper rashes and I'm safe with these wipes, it's like using water.More expensive than other wipes but are actually moist and stay moist. Super soft too. Worth the price.I love these wipes mainly because they are 99% water..I continue to buy them.These wipes are wonderful if you have a little one with sensitivities. They truly do work wonders. I highly recommend them. They helped ease our daughters rash even better than the pampers sensitive.cleans wellLove these! My baby has sensitive skin and this works great even when she has a diaper rash these don’t bother her!These wipes are great, especially for sensitive skin! My sone is 1 and he’s never had a diaper rash. I highly recommend these wipes, they are worth the price!Amazing wipes good smellWipes are great but too hard to take out one at a time. Most of the time three or four come out stuck together and then you need to stuff them back in.These are the best baby wipes. I use them constantly for diaper changes, hands, face, high chair messes, etc. I take them everywhere. No harmful chemicals like all the other baby wipes out there.These are the only wipes I’ll use. I can wipe bums and hands without worrying about chemicals.I love these! They are all natural and very moist. I use them on my French Bulldogs who tend to have sensitive skin and they work great!Not too dry and not too wet; love these wipes!My baby's butt love it, he have eczema and those are very smooth and more rushReally love how soaked these are. Some wipes aren't wet enough and scrape baby causing a rash. The extra water really helps waah amd prevent rash.LOVE these! Third baby and the best wipes we’ve ever used! Our daughter hasn’t gotten diaper rash once in 3 months we’ve been using these!These are the BEST and ONLY wipes to use for baby. They are mostly water, all natural, and work like a dream!! Other wipes call themselves natural and are not. These are pure and safe! Enjoy.I love the idea of these wipes but the material they are made of is way too thin!! I ended up using 3 wipes compared to just 1 of the competitor.Staple in our house. Helpful to eliminate any chemicals that could irritate their skin.Recently switched to these wipes after every baby product seemed to be recalled for issues lately. Wanted to take a more natural approach to my baby care products. The wipes work great and are pretty wet. Clean dirty diapers well. The wipes are a little small.Best wipes that I've come across yet. These are really the most sensitive wipes. I've tried so many organic and natural brands and they still gave my baby a rash. Not these! Expensive, but worth it.Not soapy, no scent.Nice chemical free wipes. I do have to say that they have been drying out the tips of my fingers since I'm the one that stays home with the baby and do most of the diaper changes.I love these! Only wipe I'll use. I have never had any mold issues at all. And honestly...yes, they don't pull out the package seamlessly all of the time but that hasn't been a problem for me. I love that I can use them in hands and face too and not have to worry about chemicals and such. Also true, don't use them in a warmer, but I don't use a warmer anyway. Great, pure, trustworthy product.This new model of water wipes contains 0.002% of Benzalkonium Chloride and they do not list that chemical under their ingredients. I am so sad that they are not pure anymore as they use to NOT contain no chemical at all. What happened to the purest water wipes? I cant find any other pure wipes on this market. I am so dissapointed and will be returning my wipes :( Only rating 5 Stars because I used to love them.I can't stand the smell of most wet wipes. My wife doesn't care, but I just can't stand them. Even a lot of the organic ones have weird smells. This one is amazing, no weird smell.These are perfect for my babies sensitive skin. Just
Like whatever.Great for newborns or just to keep in the car. They have no scent and clean up the dirtiest mess.Even though the product/photo is advertised correctly on this page...they’re not the same wipes as you’d buy from the store (as a previous reviewer explained). Disappointed I was “duped”.Love these wiped. Good quality and love that is water with a small squirt fruit juiceAs a first-time mom, I think I tried nearly every major wipe. These have TWO ingredients. It's crazy the amount of ingredients & chemicals in other wipes if you read to labels. They are the only wipes I'll use. I don't want or need unneeded chemicals on my baby's tush and don't feel bad about wiping his face and hands if I need to. And we haven't had diaper rash since starting to use these!The wipes are not sealed properly in their packages and this DOES have to do with the product ... Water wipes needs to fix their seal on their wipes so it doesn't leak out / dry out quicker than it should. Also, the wipes are too thin and flimsy! I need to use several to wipe my doggies feet... I'm glad I bought these prior to my baby coming out because I definitely WON'T be repurchasing them. My sister-in-law told me Naty by NatureBabycare works better than these... So I'll be ordering those next.I love this product because it's natural is not chemical on the wipesBefore finding water wipes I used Huggies. I still alternate between the two due to price, but water wipes are my number 1 choice. Yes, they are a little difficult to remove from package but the wipe quality is awesome so I don't care.Love these wipes. They are perfect for my newborns. Scent free and only 2 ingredients. I tried other wipes after these and always went back. My twins had a reaction to the chemical scents of other wipes. I would recommend these to any one looking for a wipe with no chemicals. They are very wet almost drip so I wouldn't recommend these to anyone looking for a dryer wipeThese are the only wipes we use when we travel. We use cloth wipes at home but they're a hassle when you're on the go. I am a frequent re-orderer. The only thing is that they don't "pull" very well from the packaging. I bought an OXO travel wipes container and they pull beautifully from there, so that solves the problem. If I was going to use these regularly at home I'd buy the larger OXO wipes container for my changing table.Best wipe’s for sensitive skin. Customer for life.These are the only wipes I can use on my baby. Her skin isn't too sensitive, but when I use any other wipes she tends to get more rashes. I've tried huggies, pampers, and even honest wipes and these wipes are un-beatable. They are also great to wipe food/dirt off her face and I will admit I've used them to remove my make-up and they work great even on my super waterproof mascara that some make-up wipes don't remove as fast.The pkg does. Ot reseal, they are too wet, and you must have some kind of plastic container to keep each package in once u open each one. I would not buy them again.Bad irritation from using them all of the sudden. I am not sure if it’s due to a change of ingredients but I will not buy againThese wipes really are amazing. My daughter had the worst diaper rash and we tried everything. I became a part time chemist as I was mixing everything I found on the internet to take the rash away. We found out it was the chemicals in diapers and wipes (even the sensitive versions). We started using these wipes along with free and clear diapers and voila - diaper rash completely gone. They are thick, so while they may cost more than others - they certainly last longer.I really like these wipes. They don't leave behind a greasy feeling, and the skin dries easily. I feel much better about using these to clean my babies.
I'm for sure switching to these wipes for my every day baby wipe.I have never strayed from cloth wipes for any of my children until recently after having my third. Preparing to go on a long trip, I decided to try a few different brands of disposable wipes and these are by far the closest to my cloth wipes. I love that they are basically just water with a very mild and pleasant sent. They are big enough so you don't have to use many and the are so soft. My only complaint is I had a coupon code and it would not work which was very disappointing.I liked that they were very moist. It stops there. These are so thin it takes at least 4-5 to do what others do. Going back to 7th GenerationLove theseBeing basically water they work great for babies, and to clean my fresh eggs if soiled. They are soft yet sturdy.If you install these into a wipe dispenser, the way they are folded is not conducive to pulling out of a dispenser easily. Wipes are moist and work well. I like that they are so natural.It sounds silly, but these wipes are too wet. You can't peel them apart and they drip all over the place. You're better off soaking a roll of paper towels in water and using that instead. Also, the package I received had slits cut in the side of half of the individual packs. I assume this happened during packaging. I didn't notice until I threw them in my diaper bag and everything got wet.Great wipes, they get the job done, do not smell like anything and best of all they’re great for sensitive skin.My son has extremely sensitive skin; even sensitive skin wipes caused diaper rash. This is the only wipe we can use and it doesn't bother his skin one bit! So releaved I found this and highly recommend it!My favorite baby wipes but they don't work so well in the warming dispensers, they won't come out consecutively like other wipes, so that's a pain. Other than that, really great wipes.These are great wipes! Well worth the money for those who have babies with sensitive skin. They are thinner wipes but stay really wet which is great!I've used this product with both of my children and I will recommend this to anyone with children.I have always ordered my sons wipes from this seller, but this time they came with a different packaging along with a long ingredient list that i couldn’t pronounce. I will be sending back, not even going to try them as my baby has very sensitive skin.they are good, wipe clean, but i found Target carries them and they are much cheaper. especially right now, they have 50% off on the second box. either the 60 wipe packet or the 240 wipe.My baby has really sensitive skin. I tried many other options for sensitive skin but these didn't work. Doctor recommended just using a wet paper towel. This is basically what this is and I am glad I got to try these. Is really convenient to have these although they are a little pricier.Super wet, soft, gentle. Expensive but great to have on hand if your little one gets a diaper rash.Excellent wipes for my baby with no chemicals. They have just the right amount of moisture for adequate cleaning and are the perfect size. So far we have not had anymore rash or irritation using these wipes.I like these wipes . One if the packages inside are dry? This is the first time it's happened I will try to contact the company to get that replacement otherwise I like these wipes because my son is allergic to others.These are the absolute best wipes. No sticky residue. I keep packets in every room and the car. And have recommended to co workersVery wet. That’s why we like them. Quite expansive but good qualityOur newborn had gotten diaper rash within first two weeks. This was with sensitive wipes too. We started water wipes and the rash cleared up within few days. No problems since. We love them.The first day we got our baby home, we used a brand name sensitive wipe and her but immediately turned red. Being as she is so sensitive, we were desperate to find a wipe that wouldn’t hurt her. These wet wipes are amazing and they are super gentle on her skin. Won’t use any other wipe!These Water Wipes are the ONLY wipes that don't break out my baby. She's only 2 months old & has extremely sensitive skin. I use these wipes on her face, bum & hands. It works like a charm! Well worth the price. Definitely recommend to new & old parents!(:You get more for your money, are cleaner, and are more environmentally sustainable. Excellent product.Love these wipes, my son is now 4 months old and has never suffered any rashes. I'd like to think it's because of these wipes, I've used organic diapers and even pampers and Huggies without any rashes. He does have sensitive skin (like most babies) to fragrance and abrasive materials so the fact that he doesn't have a reaction to these wipes is a testament of good they are.Game Changer!! I wish I knew about this product 2 years ago! no more wipe burn, or irritations. Not going back to anything else! Ever.I have been using this product since my daughter broke out with a diaper rash from her previous wipes that would not go away. My daughter is almost a year and these wipes have never failed us! LOVE THEM😊 I love this product!! I use on my French bulldog bum. He is very sensitive and these wipes are the only thing we use. Thank you for getting here so quick!Ended up with moldy wipes. Returned and would not repurchase. Aside from the mold, the wipes were very cheaply made. They were like the very cheap toilet paper version of baby wipes. They did the job, but it took a lot more and weren't very comfortable.weve tried alot of brands that claim to be gentle yet they always keep irritating our son's skin and eczema water wipes were the only thing that worked for us and weve been using the for the past three years nowI bought this for my grandson when he was a baby it seems to work fine he never got rashes.Only one problem,
you don't know weather the bag you pull out will have dry unusable wipes or good moist wipes. Been hit or miss with it and had to throw out a few packs so far.Ignore any negative reviews if you plan to use these for daily CPAP wipes. They work great, smell good, and come out of the dispenser one at a time (as long as you pay attention).Gave 4 stars because it’s a bit pricy but I love them. Specially when your baby starts to eat you need those.I love this product and have been using t since my baby was born 8 months ago. I give five stars for the product however my last delivery of this item came with 11 packs of wipes when the box and description on amazon clearly states that there should be 12 packs. Disappointing because these wipes are expensive and I would like to get what I have paid for.These are the ONLY wipes I use. Pure and natural. I have noticed that some wipes were a little drier then others (depending on package) but overall I believe this is the best/safest choice for my baby.I love these wipes. I am so sad that they raised the price recently. I was willing to pay a little more for them than the other wipes, but I just can't justify paying this much more for wipes even with the subscrib and save.Small wipes and didn't work in our wipe warmer (dried out, no other wipes have done this and won't pull out of the top after one another, annoying!)I love using these water wipes for my daughter. I've tried other free samples, and the fragrance is just too strong for me. I've used for 2 years now!!These are the best wipes if you don't want to deal with diaper rash or other irritations. Only time I've had to use a diaper cream was when I tried a sensitive wipe. I've been using these for months and friends that have used these for years and never saw mold. But if it's a choice of mold which wouldn't do anything compared to irritation and doctoring my baby every diaper change or her in pain. I'd take the mold any day.Not a fan. These came all taped up with packing tape, which ripped of that flimsy sticker closure.These wipes are nice in the fact that they have limited ingredients, but are they as sanitary? They have some of the shortest shelf life meaning that they could get bacteria growth much faster than most of the other wipes. The main issue is that the wipes aren't connected. It is a big pain for wipes warmers where they need to pull through the lid. One of our wipes warmers actually wore out since we have to open the whole container to reach the wipes. It's not built for tons of cycles there. Now the latches on the lid has fatigued and it springs open on it's own to let the wipes all dry out. It also adds a few moments every time you need to fish out a wipe from the bottom of your wipe container and you have a squirming baby.See above...We don't have kids but these wipes are so great for so many things! We keep them in our car and in the house, they are handy to wash your hands off with, or our furbaby (puppy), etc. Love that they don't contain harmful chemicals.I recommend this item and very useful but it is also costly tooLove these, they're such good quality but just wish they came in half sizes too. I end up cutting them in half and storing for pee-related diaper changes and keeping the whole ones for poops.My daughter has very sensitive skin and is prone to severe diaper rashes. I've changed her diapers from Pampers to every organic and natural diaper that's out there and nothing worked. Then I changed from the traditional wipes to sensitive wipes, fragrance free wipes, etc. and none of them worked. I was told about these water wipes by a friend and they made a world of difference. They do not irritate her skin and even allowed me to change back to Pampers. Because they're 99.9% water, you can feel good about using them on their face and hands.greatOnly wipes we use!I like theseLove water wipes. They don't have any parabeens and make for a healthy safe way to use a wipe on your body or your babies tushie. A little pricey but worth the extra safegard aboiding parabeens. The are soft and durable.A good value for some very useful personal and general-purpose
wipes, without the harsh soaps or aggressive fragrances used by most of the competition. All in re-sealable packages. These are now a fixture in my Amazon shopping list.These do not get the poop off adequately. Definitely not worth it. Bummed bc I was excited to try something without all the chemicals.We have always used babyganics wipes but had to purchase this because the babyganics weren't available. In comparison, I would say that the water wipes are much smaller and feel a little rougher on the skinThe wipes are very wet and are wonderful because there are no chemicals or perfumes. The sack they come in, not so great because they don't pop up. You have to stick your fingers inside to grab a bunch out to use. Because they are such good wipes I will tolerate the poor packaging, until my LO starts resisting diaper changing.Love love love and nothing added like other wipesOnly wipes we like and use. They are very moist yet very absorbent which makes clean up a breeze. It's like giving your baby a sponge bath. Sometimes I have to dry him off before I put the diaper on.Good itemExcellent productI use these wipes for my grandchildren. Babies have sensitive skin and with these there is no irritationLike that they are saline but wish they had a little more substance and were a bit stronger.We love water wipes and use them all the time! I'm so grateful that I don't have to worry about a long list of chemical ingredients. I highly recommend these.they are great..Does greatWipes are okay, smaller than regular wipes. One package was busted in the case we ordered. Case was very dented when arrived and all wet from the one package of wipes that busted open.Love these wipes for my son. Got them to not have any scent. They do not dry in a wipe warmer. I love them!Great for infants,much better than toilet paperWent through numerous wipes before finding water wipes and they are the only ones we will buy for our sensitive baby!It's everything it says it is. Reliably the same pack after pack. Heats evenly in the "wipes warmer" too.
The ONLY disappointment would be they don't dispense easily through the wipes warmer slot. We open the entire door( the top of it) to reach the water wipes located inside. A minor inconvenience!Pricey but the best wipes I’ve tried. Always moist even the top wipes, no funny smells, no chemicals. Never had caused a rash or irritationMy baby’s bottom thanks you. No diaper rashes or alerting reactions. They’re lightweight but strong enough to tackle the strongest of messes.Great wipes, bit expensive, although it’s great!A must have for baby, no chemicals only fruit extract. We had ZERO issues with diaper rash and I think these wipes are the reason why.Others say there was mold, there wasnt in mine, ive bought WaterWipes since my baby was a newborn. I use them for clean up when he's eating, spit up, for his tush, and for myself sometimes too. Love them,wouldnt want to use anything else!We used generic wet wipes at first from a baby section at walgreens. They gave our little one a butt rash. These do not. A must have for a baby that poops a lot.We bought these at the suggestion of our nurse in the hospital, and are very happy we found out about them! They're super effective in cleaning newborn pee and poop, and are also convenient for a quick, gentle clean on the rest of the body. Highly recommend!I have really liked these wipes and that they don't have a lot of chemicals or fragrances. They are thick and cushy and each sheet used to be a very nice big size. They are the only thing I have used for my baby who has very sensitive skin. However, the last time I bought these in bulk I noticed that they had changed. The wipes are now much smaller....about 2/3 the size they used to be. The price, however, has not gotten smaller. They were already expensive, but I didn't mind because I liked the product so much and because the wipes were so nice and wide that I could tear each one in half to make the box last longer. The sudden size change seems sneaky, and I'm pretty unhappy that I ordered such a giant box thinking I was getting the same wipe I have been using all along only to find it's now a mini wipe.Love how it’s 99.9% waterThese wipes are so so wet. Like dripping all over. I have to wring them out a bit before wiping baby. It’s annoying.My favorite wipes. Have been using them since my son was a newborn. There is no chemicals. All other wipes irritated him and gave him rashes. I recommend these wipes to every new mom I meet.Very moist. Good size to travel with it. However, the sheet is a little bit small.
Not so easy to pull out sheet-by-sheet from the wet wipe warmer.Great wipes for all baby needs.We love these wipes for the fact that they contain only two ingredients: water and grapefruit seed extract. No toxins here!My baby started getting a terrible diaper rash when he was 4 months old. We had been using the same sensitive wipe since he was born but had to switch to these and no rash ever since!Great wipes for sensitive skin!We have them on subscription. Wouldn’t use anything else. They’re totally worth the money.These are possibly the wettest most moist wipes around. You still need to watch your baby like a hawk, nothing replaces the value of immediately cleaning poop. Our baby got a horrible rash even with use of these when we missed a poop for over an hourHAVE been using these since my baby came home. I won’t use anything else on his precious bum. They stay moist and easy to carry with me.Overall I like them. I use them for hands and faceI LOVE these wipes. But the most recent batch (I get them on subscribe and save) have a smell of alcohol. I can't figure out why that would be since it's supposed to just be water and a drop of fruit oil... but it's undeniable and a major bummer. Hoping the company will address the issue. For now, I'm switching wipes. But if the product returns to its original quality I'll definitely be back...These have been a life saver for my youngest. These have been the only wipes that didnt turn the parts of him wiped red. He has eczema and sensitive skin. This has helped us so much!These are probably the only wipes that work well for my LO skin without giving him a rash.We love Water Wipes! Whenever my baby had a bad diaper rash we switched to Water Wipes and never switched back. I take comfort in knowing there are no chemicals in these wipes. I can safely use them on his hands and face too!These wipes are great. There's no irritation on my daughter after using these for months, where other brands would leave some irritation every time.LOVE Water Wipes. Gets baby clean. No yucky smells (even the fragrance free wipes seem to have). No residue left over. No lint left over. Just awesome.No toxins for my baby. Baby is happy and no issues with them. This order was good but my last order when you pull one wipe it wouldn't pull up the next wipe so you'd have to open container to take out each wipe because they were not interlocked..This is something we buy all the time and this is the shape we've received the latest shipment.This product is so worth the money! No more allergic reactionsI use these for my cats when they need clean up. These seem to be the safest ones. Some wipes have ingredients that are NOT safe for cats so I was glad to find these.Love this! Feels and smells so healthy and good for the skin!Couldn’t ask for better. Gentle and effective. I keep a pack or two everywhere I spend time with my toddler.These things are great! I have tried many "natural" wipes, but inevitably, they have not been totally chemical free. Thanks for making a great product!!Seriously my favorite wipes. Can use for multiple purposes if necessary! Hasn’t irritated my son’s bum. Love it.Perfect for our newborns sensitive skin! Using these have cleared up any rashes, and we don't have to keep washing poopy clothes! Better than any Honest Wipes, etc.When you compare this to any other "all natural" wipes you will see that every other brand has a lot of other ingredients in theirs. I like that this is just water. For a while we were making our own, using Viva paper towels and water until we found these and it's much more convenient!Love water wipes and they're on reorder every month. I don't have to worry about them giving my babe a rash, they're great for using on baby...and everything else!I Iove these wipes, especially that they don’t use as much material as the more well known brands. And they are much gentler on the skin.Cleans better then pampers sensitive wipes (in my opinion). We also like how natural these wipes are. Great to use when changing diapers and to wipe face/hands.I like the fact that they are 99% water and they smell nice. I actually use them for me and not a baby so the size is perfect for a baby bum but for me(an adult bum) I have to grab two wipes but no biggie I still like them.Takes extra wipes to get a poopy diaper clean. Prefer my huggiesAmazing 😉These are the best wipes, especially for sensitive skin. Can use on hands and face too. Love that they’re not scented and are so soft!These can be hard to find in stores. My sensitive kid broke out in rashes when we used even the "sensitive" wipes. These are awesome.Great wipes! Best available wipes for a child with extra sensitive skin!! No issues and used with all 3 of my kids who all have eczema prone skin. Turn wipes upside down when not in use so that wipes are moist, otherwise wipes on top will be dry and wipes on bottom will be watery.Horrible wipe! Way too wet. Don't come out of the package. You need they wipe as you're about to get covered in poo so you just dig your fingers in and pull out a stack and then have to try and separate them. Annoying! I tried the package they came in and I removed them and put them in my refillable tub, both ways sucked. When you do finally have a wipe they just roll up and fold over into itself when trying to wipe. I gave it just over a week, I wanted them to work. But ended up Returning them. Don't buy; a total waste of money.Used on new born. Work well. Main issues: the packs are not very good at releasing, several wipes come out at a time and you need to re-stuff them and they aren't strung together. Each wipe sits on top of the next! It doesn't leave the next one ready for you so you have to fish them out. To the maker of this product: it would be perfect if these 3 issues were addressed!!This brand was the best for babies, nothing to be allergic to for us, just water. Still using them, make great face wash cloths, add lotion, use for makeup remover.Love these. We can use them anywhere! And for anything. It’s really a general purpose wipe for baby butts and restaurant countertops. FantasticWanted something with least amount of chemicals. Used other competitors’, but these are much more wet, which meant I had to use less wipes on my newborn’s bottom.Only thing we can use on granddaughter.Best wipes for babies and toddlers , with only water .GoodThese wipes are excellent--don't need to worry about any rashes from the wipes. Totally worth the extra money.I love water wipes because I have such sensitive skin, and these don't cause a reaction. They are expensive though, which is a negative in my opinion. I wanted to use these on my son, but they are not packaged accordion style, so the next wipe doesn't automatically pop up. It's sometimes hard to find the next wipe without accidentally pulling out a ton of wipes all at once. I don't know if it's because they are mostly water, or the material the wipes are made out of, but they just seem to stick together more than other brands, making it that much harder to get just one wipe at a time.

These are high quality wipes, so I don't worry about harmful ingredients when I need to wipe down hands or faces, but I wish they were easier to get out of the package!Great product! No unnecessary additives, plus they don't dry out like other brands.These worked so great with my newborn that I'm ordering a subscription. It's nice to know you are using a product free of chemicals that could harm babies soft skin.Worth the money. These are some of my favorite wipes. My only struggle is pulling them out- I tend to grab two-four of them when I’m going for just one.These really are the purest baby wipes. My daughter has never had a diaper rash. They recently got a little smaller, but they're now the same size as any conventional wipe. I've been using them for 5 months and never got a moldy pack like I've seen in some other reviews.no smell and freshlove water based wipesthese are the best wipes ever. they make cleaning up so easy, even when there is a big messy diaper I find there is no scrubbing because these wipes easily handle itThese are my favorite wipes, after trying a few brands. I like that there aren't any chemicals and the wipes leave a cleaner feeling than other ones we have tried.I used these wipes on my newborn when he had an allergic reaction and got a bad diaper rash. Other wipes seemed to irritate his skin more but these didn't. My only complaint with these wipes, is that it's sometimes hard to pull just one out of the packaging. Other than that these are great wipes and I will continue to use them on my child.GoodOnly wipes I will use on my little guy! Very wet, which I like for thorough clean ups. No container, but easy to find a refillable container for these. Love the natural ingredients (pretty much only water). Highly recommend!My baby developed a rash when we used Pampers wipes so I switched to these after reading reviews. The rash went away In a day. I'm convinced it's because of these wipes. Already ordered my 3rd batch.My 1st box of water wipes I received as a gift. I’ve been hooked ever since. I’ve tried other brands but I always come back to water wipes.I really like these knowing there are not chemicals. The only negatives is that they are very wet and sometimes hard to get apart.Perfect for my baby who has eczema. They don’t have the smell other wipes do. They are handy to use when wiping my hands or even food off clothes.Pleased with purchaseSimply the best wipes, hands down!Use these to wipe baby's hands and mouth before and after eating. Hate the packaging as the sticker closure always loses its stick.The only review that counts is when your toddler looks up and says "No toilet paper! I want wipes!"They are small & thin so I have to use 2 at a time for messy diapers. They are also hard to get out of the package. I love the concept but the product needs improvement.We like this stuff. Our baby dont have problem with it. No skin issue.These wipes don’t clean well because they are smaller than average wipes and the solution is “wet” without being a good cleaner. They are actually VERY soggy we wipes. They also do not seperare and probably cannot be used in refillable dispensers.I avoid buying wipes, opting for my own solution sprayed onto a washcloth, but these are great to have on hand for guests with kids or grandparents who aren't as hippie as you.These are the best wipes ever. I use them for everything. I love that the only ingredients are water and grapefruit seed extract.I wouldn't want to be using any other wipes. I've seen some scary things about reactions/chemicals with other brands. I feel good knowing these wipes are natural and not putting anything harmful onto my baby's skin.Love these wipes because of how few ingredients they have. I would love them even more if they had hassle free packaging. The sticker part of the opening often gets caught in an open position when there aren't many wipes left. This would dry the wipes.
These would be my number one choice if they added a reinforced flap to the packaging.Nice wipes. Doesn't irritate baby's bottom. Dinged a star because the wipes are on the small thin side, so with a big #2 need to use a few of them. Otherwise I recommend.We love these for the boy. Scent free, chemical free, and clean's him perfectly. Only downside is that the individual wipe do not pull apart as easily as the general brands, but they still work great.LOVE that this product is eczema approved! My little girl is prone to diaper rash and just feel like the water wipes are better than Pampers brand when it comes to treating sensitive skin.I have twin daughters, and other wipes tend to contribute to diaper rash for both of them, these wipes are the only ones that help prevent the diaper rash.Love these!!! Never any rash when used on diaper areas or face! Very gentle. We use them with the OXO Tot perfect pull wipes dispenser and they don't dry out.We have tried so many brands, organic, natural, etc. And thrse are the only wipes that do not give our little one diaper rash. Worth every cent!My daughter in law loves these. We bought a case. Our grandchild has sensitive skin and these work the best.Has anyone ever tried regular wipes? Some of burn so I can't imagine using them on a new babys butt. Been using these on my baby since newborn and they're great! A little pricy but def worth it. No issues or rashes!Awesome wipes. Safe for newborns to elderly frail skin. My fiancé has extremely bad eczema and can't use anything with fragrance/soap on his skin. He has no problem using these after the gym or on the run. I couldn't be happier with the softness/dampens/cost of these wipes.I only wish we had found out about these earlier! They are so great and baby never gets any diaper rash. I haven't had any of the issues with mold that others mentioned. My only complaint is they are a little difficult to get out of the package, but it's really no big deal.Good price and amazing productLove water wipes. Wish they didn't have the sticker closure....it always loses its stickyness before the pack is used upI love these. My baby has sensitive skin, and when I use these her skin doesn't break out. However the packaging is difficult because you can only pull one out at a time, it is not continuous like tissues.Absolutely worth getting.Love them! So great to have a wipe free of any bad stuff! I like using cloth wipes, but sometimes it's nice to have the convenience of disposables. And these are thick and soft; perfect for sweet baby's skin! Highly recommend.No burns, no harmful chemicals absorbing in those tiny little bodies hooray! I use for wiping hands on the go since mine are all out of diapers.Love that there is no perfume and no questionable ingredients. Just a really easy way to keep clean.I can't imagine using chemical-filled baby wipes when these are on the market. They're so handy and gentle on our baby's body. Plus you can use them for everything - wiping their face, wiping down toys, play mats, etc.Love these wipes! Good for sensitive skinWe were trying to avoid extra and unnecessary ingredients in our baby wipes. These are the most bare-bones wipes we could find--just water and a drop of something relatively normal sounding (citrus-extract, maybe?) They work great and don't irritate baby's skin.Very very good choice. just a little expensive.These are our favorite wipes for our baby girl .. they are the only true alcohol free wipes I have found....I received a whole box of water wipes and they are already expired on 06/21.Perfect for sensitive skin. We use for makeup removal wipes.I love these wipes! They are very gently and do not smell like a bunch of chemicals. The wipes are also big and strong enough to withhold cleaning up big blowout messes (if you know what I mean :) )I love these wipes! They are very gently and do not smell like a bunch of chemicals. The wipes are also big and strong enough to withhold cleaning up big blowout messes (if you know what I mean :) )These work better than any wipes we use. The only reason I can't give 5 stars is that they don't come out of the package easy like other store bought wipes. So when there is a messy diapers we usually have to "pre-pull" wipes out.Like it better than Honest and Huggies wipes.Awesome wipes. Only small complaint is that the last 20% or so of wipes have a lot more moisture in then from being in the bottom of the pack.Realmente buenas, sin olor y suavesIf my baby didn’t have medical needs or sensitive skin I wouldn’t buy. But they are good for stoma cleaning and safe for baby’s face. I even use them to wipe in his mouth because of breathing treatments.Love water wipes. These are so gentle and great if your little one has diaper rash. No chemicals makes it safe and better for skin.

Definitely a return customer.These are good for sensitive baby bottoms but I do hate how you can't pull them out with one hand. They get stuck together and use always need two hands to get one out while changing baby.These wipes are THE ONLY* ones I can use on my little baby girl. They are so gentle, yet so strong. Totally worth every cent! ❤️❤️❤️I came across these because they’re the only wipes my sister in law will use on her 5 month old. I took them camping and fell in love. For someone who has sensitive skin, they worked great as interim shower wipes!Love the wipes. Hate how they don't come apart easily and don't come out of the packages.Best baby wipes but expensiveThese are wonderful wipes usally.but this time they smell very musty. I brought t them in the house and they are stinky!Best wipes out there.these have no scent and are literally just water. These are the only wipes we can use on our kiddos without them breaking out in a rash. I know they are pricier but they are so worth it. My only dislike is that the wipes don’t come out easily.So natural and no scent. We always use it and loving it so far.Love these wipes. We started using them after a nasty bout of diaper rash and it cleared up within a week, along with a new barrier cream. That said, I wish they were larger and that they were easier to pull. Otherwise, big hit.Sneaky little buggers. You've been revealed!I love these. If they were more affordable I would only buy these, but I usually buy less expensive wipes even though these work better and are healthier for babe.the material could use some something. i have to go through quite a few each time to get him clean. i love how simple the ingredients are, never had any issues with his skin, but not a huge fan of the material.these are great. i love that they dont contain those harmful chemicals that most baby wipes have. our daughter has sensitive skin so these are perfect. i cannot recommend these enoughGood deal, great wipes, nothing unnecessary . You just can't go wrong with these. Never a single case of irritation or anything that even we, as neurotic first-time parents, ever found ourselves concerned about. We will use these exclusively from now on.Nice, simple wipes. We use them a lot for baby and still for hands and faces from our 6 & 3 yr olds. Definitely our favorite wipe after using so many brands since first child was born!My favorite wipes. I wish they came in regular containers (or that they could be transferred to a wipes container) but they are effective and smell normal and I like that they have minimal product in it.This is our favorite wipes to use on our baby! Tried Huggies and pampers and Honest wipes but this is our favorite because it really cleans the poop (since it’s wet!) honest wipes is my second favorite !Love these, use them every day. They make cleaning up after my son so much easier. I use them for cleaning him up after he eats. They are really convenient and I like that they are just water!I love these and it’s so great to have an option that doesn’t burn my toddler’s sensitive parts. Only wish they weren’t so expensive!They have no scent because they’re literally water wipes but I use them to wipe my sons face & hands after he’s eaten.Will never use another wipe. The few times that I have randomly used a traditional wipe on my daughter she had a rash within an hour. Thanks to these she has never had diaper rash.wiping skin after going to bathroom.These are what you need if your baby has sensitive skin, eczema, or diaper rash. They work, and it is mostly water!Nice clean easy to useNot only good for babies but also great for Tesla white car seats.Estas tía lloras que llegaron son falsas, no son las mismas de antes! Cambiaron y ahora tienen químicos!!!!😡I like useing these for many things.The No.1 wet wipesVery Moist and great for babies with sensitive skin. A little pricey but worth it. Better than most other brands we have tried.My newest grandchild has sensitive skin and has had a repeated diaper rash. My daughter was limiting her juices, thinking that was causing the rash. I bought these wipes and no more diaper rash. Fantastic for sensitive skin.Good to buy for nbOnly wipes that work for my daughter besides using a cloth with water which we did for her 1st 9months. All other wipes that say they don't have this and that irritate her skin. I am so grateful for Water Wipes so I don't have to buy the cloth wipes and carry around a water bottle to wet them each time while we are out and about.We've tried Honest Company, Seventh Generation, and even made our own paper-towel wipes, but Water Wipes best meet our family's needs. Given the fact that we wipe our daughter multiple times a day, we wanted to make sure that what we were wiping her with was as pure as possible. Don't get me wrong, I'm sure Honest Company and Seventh Generation are fine, but for us, we wanted to keep the ingredients simple and natural. We also figured we could save some money on wipes since we were spending a little more on our diapers.

After using Honest Company and Seventh Generation, we decided to make our own wipes. The wipes we made were super natural with only a few ingredients, but we couldn't find high quality, durable paper towels. It was more hassle than it was worth with the paper towels clumping together, making it very difficult to change our daughter at night and on the road.

So we settled on Water Wipes and couldn't be happier. The ingredients are simple and the wipes are incredibly soft. We're now on a subscription through Amazon!These are my favorite wipes. No rashes since switching to them.The BEST baby wipes out there for baby with none of those harmful chemicals! We wanted a chemical free baby wipe that we could use on baby and this is the BEST BABY WIPE available!Best wipes made. No scent is the way to go.These are good wipes however the packaging needs some work. The lid is clear and has no presence. It’s hard to open it in dim lighting.I bought these for my son during a toilet paper shortage during the Covid19 pandemic.These are my favorite baby wipes! They don't rip like Huggies wipes do, and they're super wet which makes diaper changes super easy!The wipes are very thin. They also don't do a very good job of wiping off stubborn poo off of your baby's skin. Also I noticed that when I use 7th Generation wipes my child doesn't smell but with WaterWipes she still has a slight odor coming from her.NoWater wipes packages leaked during transit so the box was soaking wet & mushy, falling apart. I would order these alone so your other items aren't delivered wet. Other than that...I like these wipes a lot as they're gentle on baby skin & get the job done without extra chemicals/ingredients.These are by far the best wipes around for my baby's sensitive skin. They are soft, gentle and have no scent. The only thing that could make these better is if the packs had a flip top lid.Love , love waterwipes ! A bit more expensive , but my son has a crazy sensitive skin . He has 0 rashes , irritations with these wipes . No mold ever foundGreat! I won't buy regular wipes with all the chemicals ever again!
I'm editing this now to say that at 3 months old, my daughter has never had a diaper rash or even much redness at all! I used "sensitive" wipes with my first and that wasn't the case with her. These are amazing!BEst wipes in the game unless you want to keep using soft rags and water over the sink everytime your baby or toddler pee's or poopsThe best wipe by farLove these wipes. I use a wipe warmer with these and its perfect. You can use them to clean the face or bottom and he wont cry while doing this. Great buy! Using these on a babys bottom or face is great. No chemicals.These are my all-time most favorite wipes! Your finger never pokes through and they don't irritate the bum.My daughter loves these!Way too wet, and not as good at getting baby clean as others I've used. I had to use a lot more than usual on dirty diapers.Love these wipes! Gets the job done without all the nasty chemicals- also they NEVER dry up like popular name brand wipes. I’ll be continuing to use these on my Little’s.I like that they have minimal ingredients, but its really frustrating that the wipes are so had to get out. the wipes themselves also have no texture or 'grip' to them so it takes more of them to get an area clean.Gave these to a friend who just had a kid. They are used to wipe butts and from my understanding can be used on babies and adults.I LOVE them but one of the packs came open and dry!Good wipes! Love how there aren't many chemicals. However if the packs had a hard plastic lid they would be much easier to use than the sticky flap.Love water wipes for my sons sensitive skin. Natural and gentle. Switched and won't go back. The package doesn't resell well after about half of the package is gone, wish the top was better. Also doesn't work well with wipe warmers, as the wipes must be pulled out individually and do not feed.Love these natural wipes for babies and toddlers when changing diapers as well as just cleaning up.the wipes work very well. they are sturdy and moist and non irritating. we have not had a diaper rash so far 3 months in, knock on wood. giving 4 stars instead of 5 because i wish they were a little less pricey.Great wipes! My wife and I have been using these for our infant son and they work like a charm. Clean well and do not rip or leave any residue.These are the softest, moist wipes I have ever bought. Having that said, they are also very strong and don't rip like other brands do. It is a plus that they are chemical free. With other brands I tend to use a hand full of wipes just to get the job done, with these I use much less. Love them.These wipes have a nice smell, I love that they are simple and pure! I just wish they had coconut or some kind of oils for a little more lubricationNot a fan of these wipes..I tried the seventh generation free and clear wipes before these and prefer the feel of the other ones. Water wipes are small and sometimes difficult to wipe with. I felt like I had to work really hard to get everything of my little ones bum when he had a poopy diaper. I felt they were too much of a pain to use.I had super high hopes when these wipes arrived, and read so many reviews on how they are really moist. Well I’m sad to report that these wipes are so dry I’m having to add water to the packs to be able to use them.Expensive. But they’re a necessity unfortunatelyAt first I liked these wipes but started to really irritate babies skin. Not sure if it was because they are too wet or just don’t clean as well.I love these for my rash-prone kiddo. Theyre wetter than other wipes so you dont have to wipe as firmly. No issue with mold or anything like some people have reported.Love love love water wipes!!! My little one has super sensitive skin and these are the only wipes that didn’t make her break out! We go through these like crazy!Best wipes ever! Soft and gentle. We used huggies for a week and my baby got a rash afterwards. We also use these wipes to clean up while travelling. They do cost more but it's worth it!Loved these wipes for my baby. Very wet and soft with no scent. Only thing is that they get pretty cold, but still manageable for baby.The best wipes in my opinion. There is not a scent and they are very good for sensitive skin. We started using them after a terrible diaper rash. They are a bit more expensive, but worth it.Use these for my dogs, they are wonderful. Not textured, packaging doesn't dry out like othersThe packaging changed, and it is impractical. The opening now is harder plastic and comes off entirely so the closure can easily be lost or pulled off by your toddler. I will NOT be ordering again.They feel clean and pure. There is no odor (aroma). Just clean, pure wipes.Really love these wipes. We've tried other brands and these are the softest and most effective for our baby. Only complaint is that they can be hard to separate so you are pulling just one wipe, but that is a minor gripe.Just water nice touchThe bestThese are the only wipes that are not irritating. Love them!Love these especially for babies who have sensitive skin.DryGreAt product for my newborn son. He cried less when we changed his diapers when we used these wipes compared to othersSoftest, gentle and natural wipes. I tried each organic and natural wipe and these are by far the bestWe love these wipes, have used them for all 3 kids, best price was here on Amazon and they are phenomenal on sensitive skin!Great for sensitive skin, no chemicals and wipes very wet ! A little expensive though and you can never just pull one wipe, a whole handful comes out every timeThe wipes were dry! Ordered a smaller box and it was perfect but the value size 720 package came dry! $42.00 for dry wipes - not cool!Best wipes ever. If you have a baby with sensitive skin and gets diaper rash easily, look no further.These are hands-down, the best baby wipes we have used to date. Our little guy has extremely sensitive skin. WaterWipes are pure and chemical free, allowing us to rest comfortably that we aren't contributing to his skin issues. They hold their moisture, clean efficiently, and don't leave an unpleasant scent behind. I do wish they came in smaller individual packs to use for traveling.Been using them for 2 years and I absolutely love them. I have never had a problem with mold, we follow the manufacturers care directions.
I have no complaints about these wipes. Purest wipes you can buy.Great alternative for cloth wipes for use at daycare and when we're traveling. It can be tricky to get the wipes out of the bag, so we've started transferring these wipes into an old disperser from a different brand.Perfect for sensitive skin. These are not flushable so be aware of this. These were recommended by my gynecologist.Love themLove love love these. No chemicals. Work great. Travel well. Definitely recommendLove this wipes !I love this wipes, they’re really good for my baby’s sensitive skin they don’t dry out And they don’t have any weird smell. Love them!!My wife and I love these wipes for our little one. We are first time parents and we tried other typical name brand wipes but they seemed to cause rashes and irritation. We soon realized how sensitive our little one's tushy is. We heard great things about water wipes so we gave it a try. While we definitely pay a premium for these wipes, we absolutely love them! Each wipe is quite balanced between being thick and durable yet soft and smooth to the touch. It also retains the moisture so you dont end up getting a dry wipe that will end up irritating your baby's bottom. I also like to think that the actual opening of the pack and the way the wipes are packaged makes it easy to pull one wipe at a time. It sounds stupid but when you are in a rush, as most parents are, and only have two hands, you tend to quickly try and grab a wipe only to find that it is like a clown's handkerchief trick where the wipes just keep coming out one after another-- I found that it is less likely with these. There are times where we get a good coupon or sale on a different brand of wipes and so we go with "the other brand". I find that the other brand again causes irritation and redness, which then leads me to add more anti-rash cream. With waterwipes I found that we can typically eliminate the added step of adding anti-rash cream, which equals: saved time, less product to buy, less stuff to put on your baby, and less smells and sticky stuff on your hands.All we use!We love these wipes! They are nice and thick and the water is distributed thought out pretty evenly. They are stored upside down when you remove them from the box and we keep them that way until we are ready to use a pack. I also use them to clean up messy fingers and mouths when we are out and about, and know that we dont have to be concerned about chemicals being around our kid's mouths. Wouldn't use a
ny other wipe brand out there!Not as soft as pampers wipes.These wipes are perfect for my little one. No perfumes, never have to worry about rashes, or changing brands. They are clean, and work great.These are the best wipes I’ve ever used! My baby has eczema and we never have issues with irritation or a rash!water wipes are better than diaper wipes with chemicals in themwork well for my baby，i like the ingredients！ it is safe for babyThe best wipes for my little guy. Safe for full body, we always keep a pack around!Love these. Have been using for years now, for entire family.I have never had the mold problem others talk about and we've been using them for a while. We LOVE them... the only ones that do NOT irritate the skin, especially the facial area. LOVE THESE!Finally a product that won't inflame my son's diaper rash or give him diaper rash. I was so sick of dealing with screaming and writhing diaper changes! Of course they cost more than regular wipes, but who cares worth it!!Great product. its safe to clean my baby's hands, face and mouth but i wish the fabric is more like Honest brand wipes so it can wipe her bum better after pooI actually use these to remove makeup and as paw wipes for my pups. No chemicals so I am super happy. I've been using them for a few years now and love them.we love water wipes for our daughter!I like the fact these wipes don't contain no anything bad for my baby. They are soft and moist enough to clean her perfectly. No issue with mold as I have read in other reviews.No complaints, just wish they were a little more moistBest wipes on the market I've tried. I try to use cleaner(ingredients wise) products to my baby. He had a really bad diaper rash few weeks ago and his skin got really raw. This wipes and all natural (I believe it's called Green Goo?) rash cream was the savior. I tried to stock them up when they have coupons.Adults need clean butts! These are great for feeling fresh after making poopy. Just dont flush them! Clean refreshing poopy wipes. Sniff my butt, I dare ya!Natural and gentle. Great quality and thick wipes. Because mostly water very cold to the skin, but easy to fix with wipe warmer or get used to it with time. Highly, highly recommend. Will order again!This is the cheapest place I have found these ridiculously expensive wipes. These are the only wipes my baby can use, so what can ya do? LolLove the ingredients but these are tough to get out avid aren't the biggest/hardiest of wipes.Expensive for just 3 packs. They cost less in stores. Why did I but this? 🤷🏻‍♀️These are the greatest as they are so natural and I'm not worried about chemicals touching my granddaughter and they do the job just like a facecloth without the laundry!!No diaper rash here! Other brands claim they make "water wipes." This is the real deal. When you look at the ingredients it's just water and fruit extract.Love it. I did not understand why people want to buy wipes that only has water. Now I do. It's gentle and you can use it for face, hands and bum.We love these. The keep my babe rash free. It's really just water but they are very watery and thus the package is quite heavy.harsh on skin, tissue doesnt come smoothly either comes in cluster or i have to put my finger inside to grab next.so expensiveMy doctor recommended these and they did not disappoint. So much better than any other brand I tried. I love that they are unscented.Love these. Don’t irritate my sons skin. Not sticky residue left after cleaning.Great wipes. Only down side is they are very cold even in a room temperature room.Love them keeps baby cool on hot days we keep it in our cooler baby gets cooled downThese are most definetly multipurpose. Besides baby wipes they are great for make up removal, wiping off sticky jelly hands and quick counter top wipes.Excellent, chemical free wipes. Nice thickness and work fantastic. If they dry out, add a little water!
Update: company made the wipes smaller, price didn't change. Bigger wipes were better.My daughter love these wipes for the new babyWhile I like the product just fine, please be aware that these are smaller than advertised and smaller than the typical WaterWipes package. The dimensions as advertised are also incorrect. The actual dimensions are 6.4 x 7.3in. I would have liked to know that these were smaller than the ones I've been buying now for 2 years.They are a little thin and I have used them myself and there is still a tiny bit of irritation I get just from the acidity they add to preserve them. The best wipes are ones where you can add whatever YOU want to them, from filtered water to baby bath or other soaps. Buy some "Attends Dry Wipes" in the blue package as these are large, super soft, very thick and strong and do a much better job cleaning babies behinds, then add whatever you feel comfortable using on your baby.Our 20 month old has sensitive skin and regular wipes cannot be used on her skin other than her diaper area without causing a breakout. We began buying these early on for face and body use. We love them.These wipes are definitely not soft enough for my liking, and they always end up leaving my baby's bottom too wet. I'm extremely disappointed, and wish I hadn't purchased 720 of them. Big thumbs down.I love that these don't have extra fragrances and a bunch of other non-sense. Also I like using them to my wipe my own hands, face, etc. they don't leave behind any weird smells or film that some other brands do!Got these for post op for an adult. They really like them. They have minimal ingredients and produce no sting. Wish they were flushable.Soft and sturdyMy niece has extremely bad skin reactions to most wipes and being able to get these in such a large package directly to the door is very helpful.Good wipes! I love that they are natural and gentle on baby skin. The minor drawback is that they are not too moist, so you might use more to clean better.Awesome. No chemicals. Just water on a durable wash cloth. The only ones we use.Why do companies with successful products sabotage themselves by compromising their original quality and good will? Do they really think no one will notice or care? After searching for years I finally found these wipes that were perfect. No chemicals to irritate your skin with just the right thickness, just the right amount of moisture content and just the right size. While costly, they performed well and have been consistently so that is until my last order a few weeks ago.

These new WaterWipes have changed and not for the better. The size of the wipes have been reduced and are substantially smaller. The thickness and consistency of the wipes have been diminished to the point of being undeniably inferior to the previous quality. The wipes are also drier and require added water for any effectiveness at all. Unfortunately the new WaterWipes are a complete disappointment. Shame on the company for taking their customers for granted and forgoing their quality and commitment to their product.Like that these wipes are great for sensitive skin and better than baby wipes at reducing strong odors.Absolutely love these. Have used them for my daughter for nearly 3 years. For a baby bum, face, hands, messes, etc. These wipes are perfect for anything!!! Always have a stash.This is the only thing we use. Regular wipes contain alcohol, and actually cause rashes for our kid.These are seriously the only wipes that don't make my child breakout. They don't smell, they don't leave weird residue... I love love love them!These are seriously the best wipes in the world. Someone gave us a few packs at our baby shower and these are the only wipes we buy now.Big difference at day care vs what they used. Pay a little more but worth the money for baby's behind to be less red.Love that they're made in Ireland (as opposed to China or some other underpaid labor nation) and have only two ingredients. I cloth diaper so diaper rashes are EXTREMELY rare, but completely nonexistent now :)Used these water wipes for years and LOVE them. They can be hard to get out of the packaging, but I think its worth it to have natural wipes for my children who break out if I use anything else.I usually love these for my baby but this is the 2nd time ordering them from Amazon and they were partially dried out. So disappointing.a bit pricey, but I think these are the best wipes to use on the body.Recommended by a friend.
Very happy with these wipes.

Also, after half a year or so, want to add that we only use this wipes, while any other brand with sensitive wipes gives us rushes..Best wipes everMy baby and his mom loves it! Just buy it! You won’t regret it!My children have all been allergic to all regular store-bought wipes. I was so happy to find these. We have been using them for almost two years and never had a rash from them.

We have a subscription to a large box here on Amazon, but sometimes Target runs deals that are actually a bit cheaper. So we buy them there occasionally.Love,love these wipes.Been using them on my last 2 kids.Don't care if they don't come apart so easy,I will rather have a more natural wipe than one full of chemicals that comes apart in a split of a second.I love these wipes. My baby had terrible rash .... My sister told me about these.... I am glad I tried them, after using these her rash disappeared. I tried different brands but so far these are the best wipes.Excellent product, cleans well and doesn’t burn like regular wipes. Use them with a little soapy water for dirty jobs.Great packaging & fast shipping! Thank you!Has no scent dries quickly very durableLove these wipes. Most natural, no chemicals to put on babies skin. It is all we use for our baby.These are the only wipes we use. My son used to get really bad diaper rash, but has not had an issue since we switched to these wipes.Loved the concept but hate having to individually open every single wipe especially when there’s a big poopy diaper.Absolutely love water wipes! They are great for sensitive buttoms and can also be used on the face. The wipes do not have any chemicals on them. Would not use anything else.I was looking for 10 stars. I am very happy with this product. My son became allergic to the other wipes, even unscented, hypoallergenic. He had a bad RASH. A co-worker recommended this since then I am buying it every 3months. Well I have to say when he was born I used parent's choice,pampers, organic wipes after 6 months that's when he developed the rashI really like these wipes. My son had a bad diaper rash just days after his birth and the doctor recommended just using water to clean him. After a few weeks of having to constantly replace the water at his changing table, I ordered these wipes online. They have worked great! He hasn't had any irritation and now Mom and Dad have one less thing to worry about! I would recommend these.Hate that each wipe is not connected to the following wipe like how other wipes are packaged when you pull one out the following wipe pulls up for next use. So inconvenient. Especially when you are trying to change a diaper and using one hand to pull the wipes out at the same time.Love these! I use it for my face as well and it does not dry up my skin. Does not give my baby rash too.I love these wipes! No odor, no rash, no stickiness on skin after use. Totally worth every penny.

The only way they could be better is if they were biodegradable or compostable.Had some irritation from the wipes at the hospital. Used these a soon as we hit home and hadn’t had any issues with our daughter. Clean just as good as any other brand and I feel as though these stay wetter longer in the containerGood wipes. Only problem i have they all come out of the package a one time amd they are soaking wetLove water wipes. So pure, no chemicals, and highly effective at easily wiping off baby's bum. Use them to also wipe baby's face and hands when needed without worry.By far my favorite wipes, strong, cleanest ingredients you can findGreat those those really irritable diaper rashes. Doesn't sting or hurt baby with any open wounds!My favorite wipes ever!!!! They’re the best and more natural wipes in the market. Will never use any brand!Bought as back up for tp as everywhere is out. Won’t flush but glad to know we can share with baby too.Great wipes, love them for my little girl. All natural 2 ingredients. Price per wipe could be lower but subscribe and save discount helps. Wish they had a slightly better sticky top for easier dispensing however this doesn't warrant removing a star.These are ok...but pricey. They really aren’t that thick or wet. Not really worth the cost so I ended up switching to Costco’s Kirkland unscented wipes.These are the best wipes! They are great for sensitive skin. My son would constantly get random rashes now that we use these wipes the breakouts are very seldom. I love how simple they are without all the extra chemicals and that they are actually wet instead of damp it helps get the job done!!Great wipesMy daughter has very sensitive skin and we’ve been using these wipes for two years. Love them!Hard to dispense individual wipes. Tha said, these are the best we've been able to find.Great productLove these wipes but they arrived with the box and one of the wipe packs cut into- unusable!GreatI don't enjoying mucking about with cotton-wall balls, so WaterWipes are a great alternative for cleaning my baby daughter's bits 'n' bobs. In addition to their lack of chemicals that makes them ideal for smearing on an newborn's nether regions, the wipes are thick enough to not tear under pressure, and large enough that I can fold each one several times and get four or five swishes.Just buy these and move on. No other wipes needed. They do their job.I don't know why anyone would use anything other than these -- they really are just water. Love 'em. Have been using them exclusively for baby/toddler for 2.5 years, no problems.These are the best wipes, with only a few ingredients. I love using a water based wipe. They do not leave a residue and my baby has had very few diaper rashes. I highly recommend to anyone looking for a pure wipe.We love water wipes for their short ingredient list and lack of harsh or lingering fragrance!Update: Not worth the headache of purchasing. Although I love the product itself, out of 12 packs 9 are leaking water. Vendor refunded without any problem.As natural as you can get and work great! Soft and wet and no irritation at all.Not the worlds purest baby wipes anymore! They added chemicals. They should take the price down due to this. Disappointed! Won’t buy again.I like them but they are not the size good hefty size as huggiesUnpleasant feel to the touchOur little one started getting diaper rash and none of the creams helped. Then a friend recommended these wipes and it completely fix our problem! All we did was switch to using these wipes and her rash went away and it's never come back (unless we try to go back to other wipes) and we don't have to use any creams or anything. Love them! Wish they were a little more moist and I wish they came out of the package easier but other than that-great product!Like this brand but this package looked and smelled different. Maybe counterfit.I've tried several other baby wipes, name brand & new alternative ones, and these are by far my favorite. Wipes stay moist in packaging and in my wipe wormer, they have no sent and are soft on babies skin but still get the job done. It's like using a disposable wet washcloth.Make sure you check the packaging because there are a lot of fake water wipes now. If there is not a photo of a baby on the wipes then it’s the fake kind. You can also confirm this by seeing that it contains chemicals on the ingredients list!!!Doesn't have chemicals and doesn't leave rashes.These are great. They are nice and wet and scent free which is perfect when cleaning a newborn. My only wish is that they were a bit cheaperI like the fact that product is safe for all skin types, use for everything. HiLove these wipesWorth the money. Better than other brands. Once you use hard to use Any otherThese are good. Box lasted me over a month with my 4 month oldThese are the only wipes that I use for my baby girlThe best wipes out there!I wish I would have had these with my other two kids. They are perfect, never dry out, no smell whatsoever and so gentle. best wipes everno frills, just perfect for any skinI love the fact that these are chemicals-free and don't have any strong smell.

The thing I don't like about them is the way they are packed. When you pull one wipe out, the next one doesn't come out, so you have to put your finger inside every time and try to grab just one instead of 5 - which is very frustrating at times, especially when your baby had a poopy diaper, the poop is all over, the baby is kicking, and you have only a few seconds to wipe their bum.

Also saw other reviewers complaining about mold. I haven't noticed any on our wipes, but now I am concerned that I haven't been checking..Love these for sensitive skin. The "fabric" that they use to make the wipes is great too. It doesn't fall apart or leave residue on baby. Love everything about them.Been using these for 2 years since my son was born. Never considered trying anything else.These are great wipes. We had issues with other brands causing rash and even infection because they were too abrasive and harsh - even the 'sensitive' versions. These clean but don't scratch, and the water based liquid has cleared up all the baby's rash problems.No chemicals I can’t pronounce, no artificial scents. My baby’s skin is just as sensitive as his mommy’s and he has had NO issues with these wipes!Nice wipes. They are hard to get out and i wish they were biodegradable but they seem safer than other brands. I'm trying a few other less expensive options to compare. Will update this review later.Love it! Bought the largest quantity cuz it was the best deal out of allNice wipes but ridiculously expensive.These wipes are great for when my son has a diaper rash, the only thing I would say is that they are really wet so I feel the need to dry him after using these.Glad this has minimal ingredients ... No need to put chemical in baby wipes ( that these other companies do). Had to wait a while before it was in stock but worth the wait...they don't dry out either when left openThe only negative about these is the crappy dispenserAwesome for the changing table that is used constantly. Once open, you must use the whole bag within 3 weeks or they can get mildew!! I use a different brand for the diaper bag and to carry in the car.love the cemical free way to clean your baby. I use to use the wipes then wash them with a wash cloth to get the chemicals off. No need to do that with these.Great for on the go because they are stored in smaller packages. No irritation to my baby's skin. One thing I did not like was the strong smell. I still prefer these wipes over all of the others!Needs to be recyclable/safe for flushing. Otherwise great!Only baby wipes we use. Great for sensitive - and noses!!Es muy agradableI am in love with these wipes. Earlier we got Huggies wipes and my son started getting bad rash. Then some one told me about these wipes and i used these wipes on my son with in two days his rash was gone and after that he hasn't got any more rash. Happy baby, happy me!Does it's jobI'm a new first time mum. I use more of these than I would like per change but love that they are virtually chemical free. The only wipes I will put on my son.Work to make baby bottom pure clean.We absolutely love Water Wipes. I have read about mold and mildew issues, but we have been using them for almost 20 months with no issues whatsoever.I have bought this since my baby was a new born. And after 3 years I haven't changed them. They work perfect!Had a funky smell compared to previous purchases so not sure if product ingredients changed as well as the packagingWe have come to love WaterWipes so much that we really can't use any other wipes. They feel so refreshing and really do just feel like a wet wipe. We had some freebies of Pampers and Huggies wipes, and even some "green" brands like Babyganics, but now using those they all feel like they leave a weird residue or filmy feeling. WaterWipes just dry and leave you feeling just like it feels after you wash and dry your hands.

We have had very minimal skin irritation issues and very few instances of diaper rash, and I think WaterWipes are a big part of why.

Admittedly, they are on the pricier end of the wipe universe, but buying the large boxes helps with that. We get the biggest box available and just keep them in the closet, refilling from the individual packs as needed.I love these wipes and will continue to use them on my little man...There super wet so even it if he poops two wipes will be enough due to the wetness can fold the use side and wipe some more 👍Used for 6 months or my baby. We love them! Pure and natural, no perfumes or chemicals, they stay super moist and don't leave any greasy feel behind like other wipesMy sister-in-law really likes these because of the no-chemicals, so I finally switched my Subscribe and Save to try a box of these out. However, these really did not work for us and a toddler - I will keep this open packet around to clean noses, but for butt wipes, they just don't do the job. There is no texture and they are kind of slimy, so I have to use 5-6 when I could use 1-2 of another brand. Such a waste!The box of the product itself arrived soaking wet. Disappointing. I inspected every pack right away and they're also wet but still unused and sealed. Hopefully I don't see any molds. I love these wipes but the only complaint I have is how they are made to be pulled out. They're not advisable for a warmer!I love these so much since they are the softest and the most gentle on baby's skin.We love these wipes! My daughter gets a rash immediately when we use other wipes.Item arrived with wet box. There was mold present in the wipes. Did not use.These are best baby wipes - worth every dollar. They stay wet and have zero harmful chemicalsI was worry about rash for my baby but I'm enjoying using this wipe nowproduct came as was describedThese work great for us! Love that they're just water and fruit extract. No extra, unnecessary ingredients going onto my sons skin. We even use these to wipe his face or hands. They're awesome. We've been using these for a year and will continue to do so.Why do wipes with less stuff in them cost more?I really like these wipesWe've been using these wipes for some time and have never had an issue. They are one of the safest wipes, and still as effective as the more "dangerous" ones.I am a fan of this product, and have been using it for a couple of years. However, I just recently became aware of a packaging issue. One of the nine Baby Wipes packs I received in October 2015 was damaged. It had a gash across the bottom of the package (looked like it had been cut all the way across with a cutter), and the gash was mended with a wide transparent tape. Even with the tape, the moisture leaked slowly from the sides of the tape, and caused water spots and black mold in the bathroom cabinet where it was stored. At first, I was not aware of the gash and the tape and assumed that the water was leaking from the faucet pipe. The leak from the package was very slow and the wipes are still usable (it has been 8 months since it was placed in the cabinet), but it must be somewhat affecting the quality of the product, and it did cause some damage to the cabinet.

I love this product and will continue purchasing it (even though I understand that it has gotten smaller since my last purchase), but I had to report this packaging problem, since this practice is unacceptable. The damaged pack should never have been shipped. I promptly received the following reply from the manufacturer: "We apologize that you are not satisfied with your purchase. If we were aware at that time that this item arrived damaged, we would have sent out a replacement. We will work with our staff to ensure this does not happen again for future shipments." I am not even sure at which stage this damage (and the ineffective repair) happened, but I hope this does not happen again!Wipe is very natural. Sheets could be a little bigger in size.Great wipes, not only for use with diaper changes but face and hand cleanings too. Highly recommend themThese are the only wipes my kids use.Love these.The only wipes that don't cause rashes. Love these!Our go-to wipes for the baby. Used these since she was a newborn. Haven’t had a rash since and she’s almost 4 months now. It’s good to know there are not extra ingredients in these wipes.I would not have been able to use baby wipes on my child if it were not for these. They are chemical free and did not cause any type of allergic reaction. I am so grateful for this product.Our daycare recommended these when we couldn't use our cloth wipes. Our baby had a terrible diaper rash with all of the other wipes but not with these. Totally recommend them.Previously, we used the Seventh Generation baby wipes, but after trying these out, we are hooked. They are great for everything, and I don't worry about any residue.These wipes are the best and safest on the market! You can't beat 99% water. They do not cause or further exacerbate rashes. I have tried many wipes...I like these best because they also have no scent.The best. All water based. The only wipes we trust in our little one.Best baby/ child/ adult wipes without additives or irritating ingredients . Works for our very sensitive familyLove the wipes! Yes, they are not resealable and often stick to each other but we use them in Perfect Pull wipe dispenser and have never had any problems. My baby had a terrible irritation from the other wipes. With these ones we forgot what skin irritation is. Very gentle and natural.Our baby has very sensitive skin
Love these wipes cz they are Environmental friendly just wish there were a little ticker and strongerPerfect for health conscious parents.These have been amazing!! My daughter was getting awful diaper rashes and we switched to these and she has not had one yet! It's been several months.Has no scent, very pureI love these wipes. The dispenser doesn't work well and they tend to come out in clumps resulting in waste. They are also very tiny even if they are designed for babies.Product as described. Only wipes we are able to useI received a box of honest brand baby wipes instead of the item listed. Not a big deal because of the shortages right now, but just beware.I’ve been using them since first week of my new born and four months later, I’m happy to say she’s never had a rashPerfect for sensitive bums! And natural 🤗Absolutely love the wipes but the packaging is awful. It’s nearly impossible to pull out just one so I end up stuffing unused wipes back in the package. These are the only wipes that my baby tolerates (the Pampers version even caused a rash) so I deal with the packaging issues.Grear productThis is the only product I use as a wipe.Like it for sensitive skin.
Dislike packaging and the fact it doesn’t have a pop top option.Favorite clean wipes’! Make sure to close properly otherwise it dries out quicklyAll we buy for the kids now seems to really cut down on rashes. Nice not having 10 chemicals you can't pronounce being used on our babies skin.My favorite wipes, purchased these for my new born. Amazon has the best value when you buy the huge case. Love that they are simple and not loaded with a bunch of chemicals.Water wipes are the best wipes I've ever used.Highly recommended for sensitive skin for baby love these wipesI must like them since I keep buying packs of them for my little one.Love these wipes in general, but my packages were delivered damaged and dirty.Perfect for sensitive skin!My son has sensitive skin. Have been using these since he had a reaction to babyganic wipes. Large wipes. Very moist.I want to love these because they're so pure, but I keep going back to seventh generation wipes because water wipes just don't clean up the poo.these were recommended by the nicu when my son was there and we have continually used these and ordered several timesI've tried every brand of wipe. These are by far my favorite. You know what is touching babies precious skin. These don't hurt or irritate baby even when his bottom has been sore.I appreciate their lack of ingredients and toxins, but these wipes struggle to clean up any real mess. I use 3x as much as I do with other wipes. Not purchasing again. That being said, I'd rather use these than the toxic sludge some other companies put in their wipes.Only wipes I'll use on babyLove these. I used them for my baby and now keep them around the house as clean up wipes. No chemicals, no smells, nothing but CLEAN. Love them and thank you.These are great. I love knowing that I'm not putting a bunch of chemicals on my baby. The only thing I wish was that they came as a continuous feed. It's a little bit of a pain in most wipe containers to not have that. But still worth it!Even the "natural" wipes from the health food stores have ingredients in them that I don't know what they are. I'm SO glad I found these wipes. They aren't sketchy.I love using this on my newborn daughter as it is chemical free and good for sensitive skin. I cut it into quarter pieces since my daughter is so small right now. It cleans well on her bottom and we use it to clean around her mouth to wipe off the milk spit ups.need it for my toddler schoolLove these wipes - and we keep them in the Lionheart warmer and they stay perfectly moist. With so many chemicals in pretty much everything, it's nice to know that at least this one thing is gentle and kind to our little one's body.These are one of the only wipes my daughter can use without getting blisters on her bottom. I highly recommend these wipesMy baby loves them, plus she hasn't had any rashes. This was a great choice especially when my baby girl has a very sensitive skin.These wipes are a litter wetter than I like, but very gentle and good sturdy cloth type texture. Mostly I don't like that because they are all water they don't leave behind a fresh clean scent.I have been using it for the past 3 yrs and love it. It doesn't have chemicals so doesn't burn my baby's bottom when she has a rashGoodPerfect for babies that are sensitive to fragrance or “sensitive” wipes.Love these wipes. Very gentle with no chemical smell or residue. I like the amount of water or wetness with each.I love the wipes and the fact that they are water only, I just don't know why they can't make them easier to get out or to work in a wipes box like almost every other brand.BestThe only wipes I will use! Never worry about my little guy putting them in his mouth and has never given him a rash or dried out his skin!They never dry out!Some of the only wipes that don't trigger eczema breakouts on my hands. Will always choose.I even use them on my faceGreat product, very soft stay wet for very long time, they are not the best flushable but its fineI love that they’re pure and fragrance free. Non toxic and gentle on your bum or your baby’s bum!The best wipes!!! I have been using these since the day I brought my son home from the hospital. They are thick and strong and one wipe can clean a lot of poop.Absolutely love this wipes- they have avoided the undesirable diaper rash my previous two children experienced. I will continue buying this product.Excellent product for any useBaby loves them. Husband says they are a little rough on his backside. You be the judge.These wipes are horrible, tiny and thin. I use 3x as many as use with other brands. I will never buy again.Scent free, moist and strong wipes. No slippery residue after wiping and doesn't sting toddlers' faces after wiping - which regular wipes will sometimes do....recommend !Quick delivery. Packaged well and in perfect condition. Excellent value.I love the wipes but they do not auto feed like most wipes (don't pop up the next wipe) which is really annoying. I have to open the whole lid of my wipes container to get the next one out.I really like Water Wipes. They are large and very moist. Other brands I have tried are not as moist which means you need to use a lot more to get the job done. I also love that there are only 2 ingredients!These wipes work just as well as the chemical kind but are gentle on baby's skin. I would recommend keeping them in a container though to keep them from drying out. I use the Oxo tot container.The only wipes that don't give my daughter a diaper rash! Probably just because they are pretty much a water soaked wipe but the convenience of that is great especially dealing with poo and cloth diapering.I love everything about this product 💖Safe and works well. Downside is it sticks together so its hard to just pull one. Also its expensive. But anything for a sensitive baby amirite?These wipes are the best. I had a reaction from a different brand of cleansing wipes and as soon as I replaced them with the water wipes the irritation cleared right up. My only beef is that they are not flushable. ☹️I have used several brands such as pampers huggie, the honest etc. but this baby wipe is much better. It is very wet and good quality.I like this product but I am disappointed with this delivery of these wipes. Half of the water wipes packages had the adhesive cover to the opening pulled off so the entire package was exposed to air and not properly covered or protectedMy baby has very sensitive skin but this is perfect to clean his face after every feedingGreat product.They dont have any crazy ingredients and are perfect for my baby’s sensitive skinMy son is sensitive to every other wipe out there..we love these! Well worth the price -- which is much more affordable here than in the stores! Try them :)The only wipes we trust that truly don’t have any chemicals in themWent over really well with my daughterI’ve bought this value pack twice. They’ve changed the package. I like the old version. Hope the product itself is the same. Like it since it’s mostly just water, no other chemical.These wipes are strong, large and soft. I love how they are gentle on the skin but great at cleaning. A little pricier than say Huggins but better for your baby.I love that these wipes are completely clear, lack smell, and are safe. They also do not dry out quickly if you forget to close them. BUT they are thin and they require around 4 or 5 wipes per diaper change.For babies or adults, perfect for hyper-allergic skin!The best wipes that money can buy.I never had to use diaper cream on my son because of this he never got rashes.I tried other wipes but nothing compares to this one.Love it.Why put chemicals against your baby's skin when you don't need too. These work great! I put them in a warner and they work just fine without the fragrance and chemicals. Plus since they are almost all water, you can use them to wipe milk from baby's face, wipe your hands, clean up a spill. Just love them. Buy in a bundle pack to save.This is the only wipes that my babies can handle as they both have eczema and sensitive skinLove these wipes. Besides using them for diaper changes I also use them to wipe my baby girl down between baths and it is perfect for when she has a diaper rash because it is gentle and won't irritate or sting the area more. I have repurchased and will continue to purchase.Best wipes ever! A little cold so maybe not for a newborn that's picky. I would use clearly herbal for the first few weeks of life and then switch to these.Great wipes. No funky smell or residue. Gets the job done. Short of sticking your baby in the water, this is perfect. Doesn't leave chemicals on your baby's bum bum!Best wipes ever!!!!!!!!Compared these to Honest Co. and Kirkland brand from Costco; overall these are "wetter" than those and seem to more easily wipe up #2 from our sons bottom. I like the simple and lack-of-ingredients. We will be buying these as our main stay wipes for awhile :)These are the best wipes I've used so far. They clean my baby bottom really well and takes less wipes for very "dirty" diapers. They do not irritate at all and actually helped with soothing a diaper rash my baby got from a different brand of wipes.I love these wipes! I've never had a mold issue and these are wonderful for my son's sensitive skin. There are times when it's challenging to only get one wipe, but I've had this issue with most wipes on the market. These wipes are soft, chemical free, and worth the money.I love these wipes. They are thick and a pretty decent size. I can usually use only one wipe for my infant. My toddler usually needs more than one but that's because well, this is going to be TMI but his poops are usually really large and mushy. I used to use seventh generation and those wipes are not only tiny, they smell weird too. I love that his is only water and fruit extract.

I've read some people complaining about dry packs. Yes I've gotten a few dry packs. But I just add water. No big deal.

They are a little difficult to get out. They are not intertwined so the next one doesn't pop out when you pull out a wipe. Each one is folded individually. On the plus side you don't have to try to shove a wipe back into the pack before closing it.

My baby used to get a rash from the seventh generation and honest wipes. But I've been using these wipes now for 2 months and no more rashes!!

If I could give 4.5 stars I would only for the minor inconvenience of having to add water sometimes and that they are annoying to get out when you are in a hurry. But overall I love these wipes.

A little tip for those using a wipes warmer. Don't use the pop up lid intended for disposable wipes, use the lid intended for cloth wipes.work greatThese wipes worked wonderfully for my newborn when everything else made her breakout. I loved that they didn't feel soapy and were very thick and strong to clean those gross newborn poops.I used this wipes for 3 years and thought really good.
But, today when I took out a shhet of this wipe, there was a somthing looks like mold. I really upset because this product is for baby. Please refund itI can only use these for my 3 month old. We tried the pampers sensitive and even those caused his butt to get red. These are worth the moneys.I ordered these because I was using the same wipes as I use on my toddler, and I became a little concerned how my infants skin looked. Very soft and cleans just as nicely as 'other ingredient added' wipes.These wipes are excellent; nothing nasty added and useful for everything. They're great on my baby's skin although not super soft. We use them in combination with wipes from The Honest Company and no rash or irritation. Great value for money too!Great wipes for sensitive skin! I love them, just wish they were a bit more affordable. But I still buy them for convenience.Love these wipes!!! The only wipes I use with my kid. Very very moist unlike other wipes.Great if your baby has sensitive skin!!These wipes work well and are perfect for sensitive skinValue for Money!Very minimal, natural ingredients, and I have never had a problem with them irritating her tender little tushie.The best wipes for sensitive skin. Baby’s bottom was rashy until I switched to these. I wish I knew about these for my first 2 children.I love these wet wipes but I feel very soaked.
I must admit that I must use several to be able to clean my baby's area.
but I love that it does not contain any chemicals or fragrances.Love these wipes! These are the only wipes my dairy, soy, and egg allergy baby can use!No chemicals. Only wipes my daughter can use without getting a skin reaction.These would be perfect if they dispensed better. Having to use two hands to grab another wipe every time is less than ideal when dealing with a baby mess.I will never use another baby wipe again. My son would scream even if we used sensitive wipes by other brands. Once we got these, his sensitive, rash-pone skin is no longer hurting from regular wipes.The only wipe that doesn’t irritate a diaper rash.Love these for babies, doesn't irritate their skin like other brands.I really love these and I'm so glad I found them. They have caused no irritation to my newborns skin. I only wish they were designed like other wipes in that they brought the next wipe up as you pulled one out.I Love the fact that these wipes don't have any chemicals in them but they are hard to wipe, they don't slide. Maybe a little almond oil wouldn't hurt.i love these wipes they dont dry out like most others. a little smaller and more expensive but worth it. they also dont give my babies a rash like others haveWipes are smaller, pretty wet and colder than regular wipes. However, I bought them for a healthier alternative and they're just that.For my baby shower giftI love this wipes, they are really good with sensitive skin. Best wipes ever!!!I love these wipes.
They are gentile enough to use on baby’s face, I have never ever had a package go moldy as some of the pictures show.
We love water wipes for my 1 year old and 6 year old.
We recently ran out I used kirkland wipes and baby Let out a whimper as I wiped her during her diaper change - so we are back to using water wipes.
They ship in a box and each package is about the size of travel wipes.
They fit in my wipes warmer and they don’t dry out.
I highly recommend these wipes.
Some people complain that they don’t come out as individual wipes like kirkland wipes which is true but it does not bother me enough to deter me from repurchasing these wipes.I have comfort as a parent knowing how safe these wipes are for my baby!This is the third boxes of water wipes, and I found an ant stocked on the wipe. It is stock on the wipe not on the surface, I am sure is not the ant went inside...Love these but hate how they do not need together so I can't use them in a wipe warmer. Ugh!!The product that is sold is fake. We had heard great reviews for the product and when we used it, the wipes were thin and low quality. Upon further review these were indeed fake and contain chloride. Beware when purchasing these wipes as there are many fakes.Love these. Thick and soft and super nice.Inside the box was a mixture of PAMPERS wipes and water wipes...not so sure this is the real deal.Only wipe I use for my rash prone babyThese work great, I'd say the only downside is that they do tend to be a little bit wet. Otherwise fantastic, and we keep ours in the fridge and fill up our wipes dispenser one packet at a time so no issues with mold so far.absolute favorite, no better wipes for sensitive skin. I don't care that they come out individually but they are worth itAre use these for everything they’re perfect they’re great size and they’re wonderful I am a keeper for a customer thank youThe only wipe we can use!Wipes stick together, but ONLY wipe my babies skin can handle.Love, love, love this product! Just wish the plastic was recyclable and that's the only reason for not giving 5 stars.Best wipes I've used. One and doneHave been using this on 5 month old since day one and haven’t experienced any irritation or sensitivity. We tried the huggies sensitive wipes and they irritated her skin after the 2nd day.Expensive, but worth it for my little babe. 4 stars because they’re a pain in the butt to get out of the package.Worth every penny. Can’t live without them!!!I love love love these wipes. I have always been against baby wipes with fragrances and other chemicals. Using these puts my mind at ease when using them on my children.I do subscribe & save so the cost is reasonable! Three sealed packs come inside and I've never experiences any that smelled or had mold. This is the only wipe brand we use because the ingredients are so pure compared to all the other brands out there.I really love the idea of a chemical-free wipe for tender babies bottoms! Regular wipes burn when diaper rash is present and these don't seem to!Very comfortable, large wipes in good, resealable pouches. Only contain water and natural grapefruit extract (antibacterial). Good for you and for the environment.I went to reorder these and saw that this item was under review. I saw that these were not the true water wipes and the chemical that is in it irritates eczema, I have been trying to manage her eczema break out ever since buying these wipes. I just thought it may be from her starting daycare. But after reading this it makes sense.. would like to come up with a solution, I still have 9 packs..Only wipes I would use for my child. No irritation after and gets the job doneI love these. They are the only whipes my babies can use because their skin is so fragile and sensitive. If any other wipe is used there skin bleeds. These are a lifesaverperfect after a messy food session! use them all the time just wish they were slightly cheaper! Also they dont pull out very easily a lot of the time id end up pulling out half the wipesVery soft and thick. Sensitive part aside - it’s simply an awesome quality wipeThese are great natural wipes! My son is super sensitive to most wipes and these have been a life saver! We never get diaper rashes with water wipes!These wipes are very soft and gentle on baby's bottom. I really appreciate how pure the makeup of these wipes are. They are not loaded with harmful chemicals.Actual box looked like crap, but who cares! I love these wipes knowing that there are no chemicals. Even though I do reusable wipes as well, it's also handy to have disposable ones.Ordered these for a friend of mine who is sensitive to many chemicals. These are the only wipes that don't cause allergic reactions for him.We cloth diaper at home, but our daycare (that we love!) is a disposable-only type of place. They supply wipes, but I rather my son's bum wasn't rubbed with chemicals all day. These do the trick wonderfully! However, as others have mentioned, they do not dispense well in the provided package--it is difficult not to pull multiple wipes at a time.Are these a knock off? I received the packaging and the box looks the same but the individual packs of wipes look different than what i'm used to. They are smaller and there is no picture of a baby on the front of them like usual. Anyone receive the same thing?I bought these after the Kirkland brand had given my little one an allergy reaction. It's my second time ordering them and have had no issues with them despite what other reviews claimed.I love how wet these wipes are. They really help when cleaning up a dirty diaper.I love these wipes! They're gentle and work really well for a number of things, not just diaper changes. And there's no horrible chemicals and carcinogens. My only complaint would be the price, but I guess you get what you pay for, and these are worth it, in my opinion.These are great and gentle on my Little ones skin. I have used other wipes and my sons skin didn't like them. These have been great so far. I'm hooked.Was looking for an alternative for pampers pure wipes since I couldn’t find them during the pandemic but these gave my son a diaper rashBest wipes for baby! Just sucks how they don't come out easy!Absolutely love these wipes!Love the product but this order arrived with a completely soaked and damaged inside box (the product must have leaked). We only use these wipes on our son's face or hands.I love these wipesI've been using these wipes for a long time now with my postpartum doula clients & now as a new mom I cannot recommend these enough. All natural no harsh chemicals make these my only store-bought wipe to use on a newborn skin. I've basically tried almost every single brand of baby products out there & these wipes are one of my must-have items. I know they are pricey compared to the more popular brands but if you can afford them at least for the first few weeks of your baby go for them! You should even put a package in your hospital bag as you can start using them right from day one.Came in perfect with about 6 months until expirationThe only wipes I use and trust!I can. Babies hated these!! Too wet and not enough wipeage! Good luck getting número dos off your baby's hiny!! The only redeeming quality is the fact they use safe ingredients.But these are the best. Pull easily out of the package, don’t stick, and are very moist.The product is good, but isn’t connect and is difficult to catch the next one.Love these! Unscented, ready to use.Between water wipes and quality butt paste we have no diaper rash issues!As organic and gentle leaving your baby feeling fresh and so clean :)Love these wipes! Wish they were biodegradable.These wipes are tiny i personally prefer using wipes rather than toilet paper but these are too thin... Much better if repurposed as cleansing wipes or makeup wipes..Better deal qhen bought in bulk. Expensive but good for sensitve skin. Natural ingredientsBest buy! Wish we discovered for our first child.The absolute best. Love these wipes and use them for everything, including boogies.Received the new box with a different packaging. The new pack was no longer chemical free. I am going to return it.

Note of the different packaging in the photo: on top was the old pack I previously bought. Bottom was the new pack I just received.This is the ONLY brand/specific wipes my daughter can use without breaking out! I’ve been ordering these for almost a year, never disappointed!I used nothing but these wipes after my little boy was born and they were wonderful. Since a newborns skin is very porous I knew it wasn't good to use anything with chemicals which makes these wipes the perfect choice. They clean up babies mess very well and my boy never got any rashes when I used these.Have been using this with both children! Love itGreat for wiping the face real quick and doesn’t irritate skin. The Kirkland ones from Costco are great but not for his face.Dries up quicklyThese are the best wipes. Especially if your little one has sensitive skin. Only issue is the price. It goes up and down from week to week. Sometimes as much as a $15 difference!! Wish there could be more consistancy in keeping this product at a lower price.Cant say enough about these clean wipes . No scent, not chemicals. No rash ! Just what I was looking for .Really like this product , very sturdy. Wipes do not fall apart with use. Nice to not have any scent.These are the BEST wipes. No irritation, good thickness, great cleaning ability, and removes odor better than any other brand I've tried. Try them- you won't be sorry!They do not pop up so you have to dig for each individual one very user unfriendlyIndividual sheets are difficult to pull out. They come out in threes, mostly. I ordered a case, 12 packages. Upon opening the third package and trying, as always, to remove the top sheet and getting a clump of three, there was a dime-sized mold spot on the top sheet. That's all it took for me not to use another sheet. The box is sitting here, I'm just deciding when to throw it all away.These wipes are the best and are gentle on super sensitive skin! They are the only wipes I use for my baby. I highly recommend them.I really like them, they nice and wetThe wipes are thin and smaller than other baby wipes. I have to double or triple up. For that reason I likely won't buy again.I like the safe ingredient list, but they are frustrating to use. They are really thin and don't come out easily from the package.The wipes are a little more watery than I’d like but I do feel they worked better on my sons skin than the Huggies wipes I was using. After requiring multiple changes as a newborn the Huggies wipes were harsh. Now that he is older and not requiring as many changes the Huggies wipes are fine. Just keeping water wipes for back up since they are more expensive.We have used these since 2015. Recently in 2022 the packaging is slightly different and there is a terrible chemical smell on the wipes. Not our old water wipes.Excellent product .. safe and the only wipes for my grandsonI love love love these wipes. My dd has skin sensitivities and these do their job well with no chemicals. I will continue to buy.NoneGood product without chemicalsOne wipe doesn't follow the next one. What I mean, when you take one the next one isn't 'ready' to be taken from the pile.These wipes are the best. Soft on the skin.

Shipping was a problem: back order. Did not recieve for over a month. But was a great deal for the price 👍I like the purity of these wipes but I received packages that had leaked and smelled funny. I never had mold issues we went through them too quickly. I wish they were biodegradable and a little bigger.When the covid hit I was unable to get any wipes, I added some Clorox to these for home sanitizing, worked well.Best wipes out there hands downBEST.WIPES.EVER.Great for sensitive skin. Always dependable. Appreciate the lack of additives. No reason to use anything else.These are literally the ONLY wipes we can use on my grandbabyThese wipes work well once you can get them out of the packaging. The opening is really small and the wipes never come out one at a time. It's really hard to reach in and just grab one, they aren't easily separated.They are really the best around. Wet enough and yes they clean everything very well. Also you don't have to worry about allergies. I'm still using them on my 18month toddler because I love them.We use these exclusivelyI love these wipes!! They are so versatile because they do not have any fake fragrances or chemicals... we even use them to clean the inside of our newborns mouth!These wipies only have 2 ingredients: water and grapefruit extract. Enough said.I have a two year and used other wipes for her but upon my last child being born I fell in love with Water Wipes at the hospital. My second child has very sensitive skin and she has no reaction to them.Good, but flatten in the box. The new one doesn’t stick up so that you can get to it easy.My LO is allergic to everything and these are the only wipes that don't irritate her delicate skin.Water Wipes do a great job cleaning my baby, while not expsoing my baby to harsh chemicals.The wipes are awesome and less messy. Sensitive to the skin and cost effective.Por su precio esperaría más , No me gustaron, no las vuelvo a comprar, cambiaron mucho , muy pequeña la toallita y le causaron irritación a mi bebe.I absolutely love these wipes! They are the only wipes that don't give my baby a rash. Truly worth the extra cost!Best wipes ever. I realized after my daughter had diaper rash and the pediatrician told me to just use warm water for all diaper changes how unnecessary all the crap in other wipes is. These are awesome. I use them to wipe her face too. Multi purposeThe only wipes I use on all of my kids!This product seems Clean. No sticky residue.Not harsh on baby skin one of the best wipes I’ve ever boughtMy Daughter-in-Law loves WaterWipes and the convenience of monthly - at the door - service. Thank You for offering a Wonderful Benefit, especially to First-Time Parents.I've been looking for a wipe that was as close to a washcloth and water, as possible. Found it in Water Wipes. I have 3 kids and wish I would've found these earlier!LOVE These wipes are so wonderful, so glad that a company made these, no chemicals and all you need to wipe... thank you thank you!Perfect. Have used these since our child was born. Other wipes gave her a rash. Also ha y for all types of stains.Great for sensitive skin! The only wipes I use!These baby’s wipes are the best ones.Absolutely perfect
Great price for the amount
I'd rather order in bulk here than buy at target individually
Better prices here
Love the natural safe wipes for our babiesWater wipes saved the day for us when my baby was an infant. Everything caused a rash for her until we started using these. Seven months later and we still use them!Excellent product!Love these wipesThe expiration date on the wipes is January 2019, less than 2 month away. The "born on" date is 2017. I buy a package of 9 so they will last us a little while. I likely will not be able to use all 9 before the expiration date. Very disappointing.I am in love with water wipes! Thank you for providing a product that cleans and protects the skin of my little one!They're great, moist and natural wipes but they aren't grippy or textured so I wouldn't recommend for anything beyond newborn/non solids poopGreat for sensitive skin. My baby gets rash from the pampers sensitive wipes but not with these.I think this product helped prevent my baby's constant diaper redness. It rarely happens now that we only use these.did not cause rash like other wipes didWish I could say that about more products. I do like to dab my baby's bottom with wet washcloth after cleanup with WaterWipes if the area is irritated. Volume pricing is good, 4 pack seems just about right and for cleaner diapers, I rip the wipes in half and get 2 for one out of it to reduce what is going in the trash. Not sure if the package is plastic, but if it is, that is the only change I would suggest.Only wipes I will use! Love. Do a great job of cleaning the baby but without all the harsh chemicals. Will buy again and again.I found these wipes when my newborn was battling nasty diaper rashes. These were a godsend!! These are so gentle and pure, I loooove them! Worth every penny!Best for a quick clean up for messy handsThese work perfect for when our baby has a diaper rash.Love these wipes. Our newborn was so sensitive so we tried these they work great in our wipe Warner also!But they are not "attached" to each other like regular wipes so you can't put them in a dispenser, which is annoying.Very goodthese are the only wipes I use. The few times I have used other wipes, my daughter got diaper rash and irritated, as soon as I go back to these, no problems!Great alternative for on the go for newborns. I used these for my newborn for on the go and also at home- helped with redness. just make sure to dry after before putting on diaper.These are the best wipes because they are totally natural and don't irritate sensitive skin. I feel great about using them on my baby, even on his face.I like these as they are free of chemicals but somehow they feel like they stick to the skin when wiping, perhaps the wipe material could be softer.This product came without any seals on a few of the packages--defeats the purpose.
I would like a refund.
ThanksI love the quality of these wipes, however they do not work in our wipe warmer because they are not continuous feed. DEAR WATER WIPES -- please make a continuous feed version, so I don't need to switch to another brand!These things are actually WET, unlike many othersThese are far and away my FAVORITE wipes. All natural for my sensitive baby's skin. My sister tried them but didn't like how thin they are but I haven't had any issues with the thickness. I recommend these to all of my friends. I never worry about wiping his hands or face with them either. I wish all products were this natural!Over pricedFavorite wipes, after trying multiple types. Also, the wipes stay wet, they don't dry out even when leaving the package open. And they don't leave fuzz residue on our baby like some other wipes have.Very good and cleans wellOur baby is allergic to a different brand of wipes so we decided to try these. They are great for wiping just about everything! They are good quality and one package lasts a while. Totally worth the price.I would give these 5 stars if they were packaged properly. Every other wipe I’ve used pulls out of the package like a box of tissues - when you take out one wipe, the next wipe comes up a little bit so it’s easy to grab next. These wipes don’t do this, so I end up struggling with wipes when I’m hurrying to catch a mess down below. It makes it hard to just grab one - sometimes I end up grabbing a chunk. It’s just unnecessarily difficult. Otherwise these wipes are great.I love these! The only wipes that do not cause our baby to break out in a rash and they're very moist which makes it easier to clean baby.My 1 year started randomly having reactions. I was recommended these wipes and they are simply amazing. A little thin but still worth it.Only wipes i use!Best wipes ever!Absolutely love these wipes! They are so moist, unlike other baby wipes that are dry and doesn't clean well. Will keep buying them!I like this brand.Soft and good for baby skinThey were the only ones available when people were hoarding wipes.
They're just baby wipes, but do seem to stay really moist, which is nice.NiceI'm trying to keep the chemicals my son is exposed to down to a minimum. These still clean his butt well. 3 months in, still using these exclusively.These wipes are fantastic. Not to thick or thin, no slimy residue, no scent and incredibly gentle. The only downside is the bad packaging. Sometimes one wipe comes out, sometimes a stack.Love these wipesThe only thing I don't like about it is the packaging. When you pull out a wipe, it doesn't pull out the next one, which you have to work hard to dig in and pull them out. This can result in tearing out a wipe or accidently pulling out too many wipes at once.Just love itThe best baby wipes in the universe! seriously. Using these with my 3rd baby and he never has a diaper rash...he is now 5 months old. Happy mam!These are what they say. They work well and dont burn.only wipe i trust for my dog as it's all naturalThese are the only wipes we will use! Highly recommend. Our little man has THE MOST sensitive skin and these are wonderful!Good product, safe, always use this. Thanks.Love theseGreat for our baby’s sensitive booty! Not even pampers sensitive skin was good enough for her!Exactly what I needed to clean up the mess when introducing solids to my baby!Amazing wipes. Not tacky, stay most in packs, no mildew. Very good for babies, as no chemicals or fragrance.My daughter has such sensitive skin, these are the o ly wipes that dont make her break outLove these! We tried the babyganics and the eco ones but these are by far the best. Never dry and do the deed perfectly. Great product!The bestThe best wipes I've used. I love the fact that it is 99.9% water, which is just enough to clean your baby's bottom. No presence of any other chemicals. I wanted to use just cloth and water from the start, but couldn't deal with the cleaning and folding these cloth wipes while juggling between work, taking care of the baby and maintaining some sanity. This was the next best alternative. I did notice some wipes at the bottom having more water, but just flip the box over and you are good to go. And you don't have to use more wipes. I've just used 2 wipes to clean when my baby poops and it does a pretty good job. And did I mention that I have had no issues with Diaper rashes at all!! I use a combination of Earths best diapers, water wipes and air drying techniques while changing a diaper and I haven't had to use a diaper rash cream(another chemical) on my baby.I love these wipes for my baby’s sensitive skin. Especially when she has a diaper rash.Arrived quickly. Product as described. We like them a lot and have already gone through a box! Ready to order more.I wanted to love them but I really dislike how hard it is to dispense these wipes. They always come out as a pack of few at a time.Love these and love that there are absolutely no chemicals or unpronounceable "natural" ingredients. They're expensive for everyday diaper changes but we keep in the dining room for wiping hands and faces before/after meals.My baby had a very sensitive bum. I was using cotton balls and water for each change which was very cumbersome. These wipes saved me!I like the wipes don't give my baby any rashes and doesn't sting her, I like they only have water and no harsh chemicalsI love that these don't have any chemicals added. They are a little difficult to pull out in a hurry, but I much prefer that over questionable ingredients.Best wipes! Completely natural and only wipes to use on a sensitive bottom or one with diaper rash.These are great to stock up on. We keep them in almost every room, in the car, at day care. Love them.Great for my son's sensitive skin.Best wipes for sensitive skinI only use water and cotton for My 14 month old at home for diaper changes so we love these for on the go. No alcohol so great to wash hands and face and surfaces. Our favorite wipe...Safe and very sensitive wipes!!!!These are amazing -the best -just waterI like that it’s soft, natural, unscent and for sensitive skin especially when using on babiesMy daughter transitioned to solids and she was pooping alot. Regular wipes were too strong and changed over to water wipes. I really like it and have not swithed back.Great for newborn until you need to potty train. Love that it does NOT irritate babies and toddlers skin. My go to wipesLove these wipes. Great for baby's sensitive skin.Perfect for the sensitive littles. Switched from pampers sensitive after keeping a diaper rash and within two days we were rash free. We love these!Love the new open and close system.These are the best wipes! My son has always had very sentive skin. These wipes don't irritate his skin at all! I highly recommend them!GoodI bought this product for my newborn with sensitive skin. It works great - no diaper rash. The right amount of moisture - strong enough for the worst diaper change.love that these are 99% water and natural, no perfumes,etc that's not needed. I don't like the fact that they are 99% water and cost so much!BEWARE!! These are not the original water wipes! These contain 0.002% trace of Benzalkonium Chloride.Does it purpose. No scent which is good for me.I LOVE this wipe considering the fact that it's mostly just water and that's why I've been using this for many many years.
However, I feel like the wipe has gotten too wet this past a year. I have to squeeze out the water before every use.These are the only wipes I use. I have yet to find wipes that don't contain added chemicals. We used a more popular brand while on vacation for 4 days and my daughter ended up with a terrible diaper rash. 1 day back at home with water wipes and it was gone.I developed skin irritation, an allergy, to regular wet wipes, so these were a wonderful find; plus they are larger than standard wipes. Also a terrific value here.Love this product!! I use on baby and on my face. I haven't had any issues with mold as others have posted.We use this all the time for traveling and for our dogs.This is the best wet paper everTjin whites. Ingredients are great to senditive baby dkin/face/hands. Expensive.Awesome! Took a long time to find wipes without the harsh chemicals. Just water and grapefruit extract (has antibacterial properties). Pricey but worth it. Only thing is, just before you open the package you need to squeeze it a few times, otherwise the few wipes on the top are somewhat dry.

First wipes I'm not afraid to use on his face.Light, clean softAbsolutely love this product and so happy a chemical free alternative is available. 3 months and no rash of any kind.These wipes were fantastic. Safe and minimal ingredients. Work just as well as your typical baby wipe. Highly recommend.I love these, they're soft and don't irritate the skin. I will never but any other baby wipes againGreat idea but the wipe is so smooth it doesn't clean very well, just slides over stuff.These wipes are great. They smell good and do a great job of cleaning the little one without some of the nastier chemicals. Highly recommended.These do not irritate my baby's behind unlike some of the other brands I tried. Diaper rashes were reduced once I started using this product.Love these wipes. They work well and done have a smell to them. I love that they only have three ingredients and no chemicalsThese are great, they clean alot better and last longer than pamper wipes. None of the irritants thay will further hurt a baby's diaper rash.Gift for my daughterExcellent product for tender sensitive skin.After trying ever other baby wipe, i finally found one that cleans wonderfully without irritating my babies skin! Love water wipes!!!Once you use WaterWipes, nothing else will do. Even other moistened wipes pale in comparison to these. Makes you feeling fresh every time.These are the best! My son has extreamly sensitive skin and these are the only wipes we can use that don't give him a rash.This is our favorite wipe - does the job and feels good to know we are not using any chemicals at all on the baby or in the environment. Highly recommend!My got a really bad rash from these wipes.These are the best wipes for a babe with sensitive skin. A bit "wet" but no irritation. Love them! And much cheaper than buying them from target. individually.LOVE LOVE LOVE...!!!! My kiddos have sensitive skin and I try to use more natural products. They stay wet, are soft, and work well.Best wipes. Simple, no harsh chemicals. I did not like the other wipes that I tried. I tried Burt’s bees, Huggies, pampers, seventh generation, and the wet wipes are the best. You don’t feel guilty using these and they don’t leave your hands feeling dry.I have tried many different brands of wipes but I absolutely love this one and I stopped even looking. Perfect for my baby.Water and pure. The only way for me and baby. Have used it for 2 years.
They are a little heavy, but I take them all over the world.
No smell and high quality. Must have.These are great! They don't irritate baby's bottom, they don't smell. The only issue is that they are a little difficult to pull out. They stick together and it's hard to find the new edge.The best for children with sensitive skinThese are amazing! No chemicals so not only can you use them as diaper wipes but on the go they are great for face, hand, and boogie wipes.Hard to pull pit of package, and I have to use alot to get area cleaned.i used to purchase pampers wipes for my daughetr but came across these through a friend. the only think i do not like is that the wipes all stick together and it can be a bit tricky taking them apart.The wipes are fine; I have no complaints. But the packaging could be better. Often when I pull one wipe out, a clump of several wipes come out. It's annoying to have to squeeze the excess back in.Such a good clean choiceThe package says it all: purest wipes available. I don't like the idea of constantly coating my baby with stuff even if its natural. So glad these exist.Since I’ve started using these wipes my son hasn’t had diaper rash. They are so easy on his sensitive skin. I love knowing I’m not putting chemicals on him. Moms these are a must have!My daughter had super sensitive skin and these wipes are the only wipes that do not make her rawI don’t like，It's not as good as it says it is.These things are hit and miss. Often stick together meaning you pull out 1 (or try to) and get 10. Also had mold or dirt in a few of the packages. Weird.By far my favorite baby wipes.Great price. Best wipes around. Strong, durable and moist. Larger than the usual wipes and no nasties. I've used them for 2 years and still love them.My son has extremely sensitive skin. This is the first baby wipes out of ten that didn't cause his skin to be irritated. I love that this product only contains two ingredients and has an expiration date. Unlike those other baby wipes that have tons of chemicals and can last a lifetime. I am so thankful that I found these baby wipes and my son is all smiles skin irritation free.Hate these wipes! They are paper thin, have to double up just to equal one normal wipeSkip the chemicals - these work just as well as anything else without needlessly exposing your baby to chemicals. Look at the ingredients, trust reviewers that they work great, and this one is a no brainer.My favorite baby wipes by far. Soft and wet enough to clean up messy diapersWe love these wipes. Leaves tiny hinies clean with no weird smells and they never dry out on you!These are amazing! I feel completely comfortable using these on my babies sensitive skin! I have never had an issue with them not staying moist, and the material is incredibly soft.My daughter was allergic to the grapefruit extract, she is highly sensitive so that's why I tried these. Now I make my own!Was recommended these by a friend when I had my first baby. Very moist and no fragrance. Has agreed with baby so far. She's 6 months now.Wipes come out stuck together and do not dispense easily. They are also very small. We tried these because pampers pure wipes were sold out. Never again!The product itself is great, but when we opened up the amazon box it was filled with live cockroaches.Great product!!! Especially if your baby has sensitive skin - or a diaper rash! Found all wipes to be sufficiently moist with no evidence of mould or corruption as others have mentioned.I don't know anything better than these great wipes!These wipes are awesome!! My husband and I love them. When our son was born he ended up with a pretty bad rash (very sensitive skin) even though we'd started out with papers sensitive skin wipes. These wipes are odorless, which I love because I can not stand most perfume sents. I keep the wipes in a warmer and they are definetly moist enough. The packaging is excellent, I've keep them in my diaper bag throughout the summer and did not find that they dried out. I love that they are made of two simple ingredients.My babies would get chemical rash from every baby wipe until we tried these. We love them.Water wipes are good and I recommend it to every one.I found waterwipes and there's no turning back! I'm a cloth diapering mommy, and after a few months of using cloth wipes I decided that wet wipes were going to be my one convenient thing I was going to allow myself to make diaper changes just a little easier. The first wipes I ordered were some "natural" brand which I made sure was chlorine-free, however I struggled to find a brand that had absolutely nothing else in it - there was always a list of ingredients most of which I couldn't spell (which is also by the way in most disposable diapers too...no wonder there are so many babies suffering from diaper rash out there!!!). After using those wipes for ONE DAY, my baby got her first diaper rash after 9 months of none. I was devastated and I felt like I had failed. I promptly threw those out and found WaterWipes online (which I had never even heard of before!) and ordered a box. We are still using them to this day and have continued to be rash free. I couldn't recommend this product more!The only wipes we use. They are amazing. And they’re not full of unnecessary chemicals like all other wipes appear to be. Even so called natural ones like Seventh Generation. These work well, don’t smell bad (or at all) and I feel they’re safe for my baby.Awesome! Pretty self explanatory and you don’t have to worry about unnecessary chemicals!I love these for the lack of chemicals but dislike that they are too wet at times. I have to ring them out when I get to the bottom of the package.Only wipes I buy. They're great for my toddler.The best for new babyLove these wipes because they don’t have a lingering smell. It’s a little inconvenient when using them outside of the house because the wipes are drenched in water. I always have to bring bring a dry handkerchief to dry my baby’s bottom after wiping them with the wipes.Excellent quality. Strong material. Just basically water, No chemicals. Good for cleaning up hands and faces as well. Not flushable. I buy them by the case always.Nice productI love these wipes but I ordered these from Amazon for the first time instead of getting them from target and in each pack the wipes were half dry.Such a great buy and without the harsh chemicals!These are the best I’ve foundThe best optionThese wipes are great! I love knowing I'm not putting chemicals on my baby especially since she has such sensitive skin. I can use anywhere on her and not have to worry about it breaking her out. The box I bought in December, and it's lasted me until March. The only downside is the price. I cannot for the life of me understand how literal water wipes cost so much more than products loaded with different scents and chemicals. I wish they were cheaper. Overall if you can afford to shell out $40ish dollars every few months for wipes, by all means. I love natural products. This price on here is slightly cheaper than retail stores that sell them.The Best!The best wipes for my sensitive baby. A bit pricey, though.I love this product since it doesn’t have any smell at allLove these! So soft and much better then other brands. HealthierBest wipe out thereIt's not continuous, so when you put it in wipe warmer it's super difficult to get them out when you needThese are the only wipes that don't irritate my baby's super duper sensitive skin. I appreciate thatWipes are extremely moist and very gentle on the little ones little ones! I even used them as a make up remover-worked great!My daughter has really sensitive skin and is very prone to diaper rash. She has not had any skin issues since we switched to these. I will say though, that they don't work very well for poo. We use seventh generation wipes for big messes.Only problem is they are not flushable.It was a good product the wife's work really good for the baby.The best wipes out there ! My baby has never had a diaper rash !!!While the product is good, I would prefer, if the fabric was made from recycled fiber which was compostableI love these wipes. They do the job and I love that there are only two ingredients in them- water & grapefruit seed extract. How awesome is that? Don't use toxic wipes on your baby when you can use these wonderful ones!Perfect. My son had a severe rash. After using this product, the rash heeled fastLOVE the ingredients in these wipes! They're moist and soft. Our baby has never had a diaper rash!The only ones I've used so far on my second child and they seem so much nicer, thicker. And I like that they have no chemicals!I would give this 5 stars if it weren't so difficult to separate them. However, it is worth it not to have the chemicals.Best water wipes ever. Great for stoma care.These are great for sensitive skinBest for anyone, works great for babies!The best wipes out there. None compare. Very natural and great for sensitive skin.We loved these and used them regularly when baby was little.Absolutely love WaterWipes. Our son used to get such bad rashes, to the point where the skin would break and start bleeding. We realized that the wipes we were using were too harsh and switched to these. It helped clear up the bad rashes and keep them to a minimum. We now use them for our second!!Why would you rub chemicals all over your brand new baby?!?!!?!?!?!?!

Water and some citric acid? Right on!

Safe and sound! <3I use these for my dogs and my face sometimes. I like that they are essentially just water.I like the fact that there's no chemicals. It expires 1 month after opening. Used it for my dogs.Wish thw towel part of wipe was more eco friendly. Takes a whole to get used to it, no texture on wipe. Love that it doesn't have any allergens.Good product.I like it because it is water base.I love that these wipes are chemical free! They work well and are refreshing.Best baby wipes everEver since I started using the water wipes, my baby has not suffered from diaper rush.I like that these are free of chemicals but completely overpriced.I want to like these wipes, as they are natural, gentle and work well. However, they stick together making it difficult to grab a wipe out of dispenser or package. They are also smaller than most other brand of wipes.Just waterLove WaterWipes for my baby... she has eczema so I prefer to use these more than regular wipes; I keep them on subscription.pull-top design is difficult to use.I like it’s naturalMy very particular daughter-in-law loved these wipes!We only use water wipes they are great sometimes they come a little dry thoughknowing that this doesn't have any harsh chemicals, I'm hooked on using this for my 2 y/o daughter. I use it even on her mouth without hesitation. great product!Love these wipes, they are the only kind I buy anymore. We've been using them for nearly two years on a little girl with very sensitive skin and they are great!The only wipes I truly trust with my babies and that won't irritate my daughters sensitive skin. I use them for everything.Great for babies with sensitive skin. These are the only wipes I will use on my daughter.The only one we use! I don't worry about it causing a reaction weather I use it on face or bum.I love these. No chemicals at all. Easy clean up as well.Love these wipes! Even better it comes in huge box <3. I have used these wipes for my first and now second child. No rash at all.Excellent product for sensitive skin. Its one of the only products that doesnt cause peanuts skin to breakdown further during diaper rash. The large box is super convient and delivery to the house is just plain easier.Best wipes ever. Will never use any others.My daughter loves these waterbase wipes. I decided to have a reoccurring order every three months.I really wanted to love these wipes but don't. They're small and don't "slide" on the skin like others do. Both of these make them difficult to use.Great for sensitive bottoms. Love the 2 ingredients list! Large wipe with smooth texture cleans up even the big messes. Awesome product!Very excited about purchasing so many of these at once as they run off the shelves in my town. The only concern is the box they arrived in was soggy on the inside.I save these for when the littles have a diaper rash since they are more expensive. But they are great wipes! Highly recommended!!!Small wipes, difficult to use with one hand. Not interlocked, so when you pull one it leaves the next one! These people never changed a baby?!I use them for myself, my 2 month old and got it for my friend who has anal cancer and it is gentle enough for her. Feels like a cloth with water... shocker!Love these! They're the only wipes that don't hurt my baby and toddler when they have a bad rash.Great product, will buy again and again and again.... lolThe best wipes; they’re all I’ve ever used. Can’t imagine using a fragrance on my kid!Great product, but on the pricey side of wipes.My favorite wipes.Love that they work so well on my babies sensitive skin.Having been buying this product from other stores and decided to give Amazon a try. Works as expected, no smell and cleans well.Really good one for babies outdoors in door changing diapers.
Highly recommendI exclusively use this brand to avoid toxic chemicals (hope that's what I'm doing) but the don't dispense well at all.These are great for babies with sensitive skin, diaper rash ect.. great productTwo ingredients that's all I want on my baby. I give these as baby shower gifts too!! Very moist more moist than Seventh Generation brand.EVERY wipe breakes my baby's bottom out BUT the WaterWipes... what a life saver. Recently ran out and used some other brand I had as a gift from Baby Shower huge mistake. Her little bottom was red within a day ,I was so upset. definitlyI LOVE THESE! We buy case after case, and use them on our newborn and on ourselves. Perfect for sensitive skin, hands, faces, bums. I also love that they're made in beautiful Ireland.Hands down the best wipes out there. They don’t cause any rashes for my kids and they don’t leave them smelling weird. Will never go back to anything else.My baby loves this! The wipes are super moisture and pure !Amazing. Helped with sensitive skin. Best wipe ever!Great wipes if your baby gets rashes or has any kind of allergies to all those wipes with fragrances.Can’t go wrong with water wipesI love that there's only 3 ingredients and all natural. I don't love that the wipes all stick together and are difficult to separate. Especially hate this when I have a poopy diaper and wiggly one year old.Gift for new mom.I guess it was good for my baby butt in her first month when skin is supposed to be more sensible. Now she’s using regular wipes.Love those wipesThe wipes are a little pricey but it’s the only thing I’ll use on my daughter. I love these thingsIrritated skin on myself and baby, but I gave two stars because we might have an allergy.You want to trust that other brands have the best interest for your child. But anytime my son used other big name brands even "sensitive" type wipes he got raw and red. The way I test baby wipes is if I rub my eye and it burns than I'm not going to use it on my sons sensitive skin areas. WATER WIPES have been my favorite wipes by far!!!! The only thing that sometimes bothers me is that its hard to pull out just one wipe and they are double the price than main stream wipes. But they are nice for my son and I have peace of my mind knowing whats in them.Great as expectedPruduct is pure and optimal for children whose parents prefer toxic-free, Organic products; however, the price adds up,Very good product for babies, they are free of alcohol. So they are really useful when you need to wife and clean your baby. I definitely would purchase again.These are a bit pricey, but they're great wipes. No chemicals, just water and grapefruit seed extract (0.1%). The sheets are separate from each other, but they can clump together when being pulled.

Update 2/13/14: I had to downgrade my review from 4 stars to 2. After using these wipes for 6+ months, I had to start looking for a different brand since my daughter started on solids and her poopy diapers are getting nastier and nastier everyday. These wipes just can't clean her bottom well enough. I don't know if it's the texture or the lack of other ingredients in the wipes that makes it so. I switched to the Clearly Herbal wipes and love them 100x more since those have better texture, better container, and clean her a lot better as well.

I love the purity of these wipes, but unfortunately they just don't clean well, especially when my daughter's diet moved on to solids.Love these!!! I've been using them almost a year now with my son and he has never had diaper rash! Maybe a little red at times but never a rash. I attribute this to the wipes. Worth the money I'm my opinion.Best wipes! I went through tons of different brand wipes for my son to see what worked best and these are the best by far. My son has sensitive skin and was getting a non-stop rash from other wipes. Once I switched to these his rash almost went away instantly. They are not super wet, don't smell and I love that they are almost completely just water based. I don't know why wipes have to have 500 ingredients, I love that these don't. I do wish I could find them in more places but ordering a large box on amazon works just fine.Big fan especially for our newborns soft sensitive skin. Unscented too!!! Doesn't work as well for my toddler, but I'm only really buying it for the baby!While they cost a bit more per wipe, than standard *sensitive* wipes. We find that these do the best on our child. His skin is very sensitive and these do a great portion of the rash control job.GreatThese are used in the NICU and I can see why....soft and gentle on the skin and you use less wipes each time compared to other brands of wipes!Great product. Just wished the bag closure device was more durable.These are great at getting meconium off! They don't irritate my newborn's skin and they are not too wet or too dry.Love these!! These wipes and the Honest wipes are the only wipes I have been able to find that don’t add any unnneccessary or harsh chemicals.I really like these. I love that they are 99% water and they work really well. My only complain is that they are SO HARD to get one at a time out of the package.These are standard for any mom.I did not receive the 3 pack as pictured in one secure wrap! One of the three packages had dry wipes in it.Love these! Won't be going back to typical wipes. Even the most natural, alcohol free wipes seemed to irritate an ongoing rash issue. Even if you buy them only for rash times, they're worth every penny. (Although logically containing less ingredients should make them cost less, not more). Oh well! Buy them!Does the job with no rash.I LOVE these. Just wish they were more affordable. Right now I use them when my little guy has diaper rash and they help it clear up quicker.Love the wipes, just wish they were a little bigger.I like that they're simple in ingredients, but they're so wet! I have to wring out the wipes or they leave baby's bottom way too wet.My baby is 15 months old and we have never used any other wipes on her. She has never had a diaper rash. I use this as an all purpose wipe for the entire family.Wish the packages were easier to get the wipes out of, but love the productNice and moist. Wipe is a nice size and strongI love this for my baby! It has two ingredients in it: water and grapefruit extract. I am glad that it doesn't have all the other chemicals in it like other baby wipes.No chemicals, no rash, no smell, just water. What more could you ask for to wipe your newborns butt with. Thick enough poop won't leak through on to your hands!Yeah it's overpriced for water but it works and it's convenient and it's gentle so you can use for the face and bottom. Good for my babies sensitive skin.Product is good, packaging sucks. Impossible to extract a single wipe. And, oddly, I don't usually need 7 at a time.I use it for travel hand wipes for kids. Very pure and limited ingredients, unlike most wet wipes contain too much chemicals in it.These are the only wipes to not cause a rash on our infant. No mold issues or anything. They are hard to pull apart but we put in an old Huggies dispenser and just open the lid as they will not dispense separately like most wipes. Worth it though!Love these. I’d give it 5 stars, but I’m docking a star due to not being consistent with being able to grab just one wipe. Sometimes you pull out three, four, five at a time and it’s hard not to. Makes it a little frustrating. Other than that, great product.Awesome wipes! No soap, no diaper rash. I have been using these wipes since Janaury 2015 (it's now February 2016), and they are great. Also,These are the only wipes I use now. They have no smell and are delicate enough for newborns. I use them to wipe butts, buggers, hands, faces... Love it!Good alternative to cloth wipes. Very mild, very moist.These are on the speedy side for wipes but they are my favorite. Moist enough to clean up messes with only a few, no fragrance and gentle on baby bumsGreat wipes with only water and citrus. Used for baby when doing mild clean ups with no harsh chemicals and soaps.My 6 month old has incredibly sensitive skin! These have been a god sent for him!The wipes are good no chemicals won't hurt my baby but way to small and it's kind of impossible to grab just one they will always come out of the package in a bunch!had to buy last minute due to not being able to find wipes in store and very few online, all way overpriced during this pandemic. shamefulThese wipes are wonderful. They clean well and I don't have to worry about my daughter's sensitive skin!I only use this brand. Safest and most naturalLove itI can't say enough about these wipes. Look no further.These wipes are absolutely amazing! I highly recommend! What is so nice is you aren't too worried that your little one will get diaper rash since it's just water and fruit extract! And they work perfectly and keep moist!We have tried all different Brands from Huggins to seventh generation and these are the only ones that don't give my daughter a rashGreat wipesThis is my go to wipe!The best wipes I've found! I carry these in my purse for diaper messes and any other mess my kids may createI love that these are natural yet strong. We've tried every wipe out there and these are my favorite. Not scented, just effective and natural.We love love love these wipes! Doesn't cause my daughter to break out in a rash. They cost a little bit more but are worth it!Very disappointed. This is the third box I have purchased, but first one I am unhappy with. There is a noticeable smell that lingers from these wipes, and it isn't a fresh smell. They also aren't as wet as previous wipes were. If it were an inconvenience I would be returning these.My favorite wipes hands down. Totally safe and they have so much moisture to clean so well.Love everything but the packaging. I'm constantly struggling to get them out one at a time.Baby skin does not get red or irritated from product.Wipes are not a very good quality and some packages are very dry. I wouldn't recommend.I used to love these, but my most recent order had new packaging, the wipes were smaller and my baby’s bum is getting more irritated. My first few orders were fine, but this latest batch were bad. I’m looking elsewhere now...we only use these wipe (already for almost 7 months) and will continue buying themDidn't like them at all. They were too harsh on my twins and ended up having to use multiple wipes to get a good clean.Both of our babies had extremely sensitive skin as newborns and regular wipes gave them rashes. We switched to these wipes on our doctor's advice and have not had one rash in 9 months. Great product!!Expensive but 100% with it!!!The packaging of the wipes themselves isn't the best.Hands down, my absolute favorite wipes. Not only are they chemical-free, but they make cleanup easy because they are so wet...like water. Highly recommend!love the wipes they are amazing my son gets bleeding diaper rashes and i can't use any wipes but these! i will be buying more! thank you! i wish they would sell them in stores thoLove this product, safe for many body partsI absolutely love this wipes. The only ones that I could ever use. Gentle, non sticky, practical.So convenient to keep this around. I use it for her face, hands and butt.These are the best wipes. My kid has very sensitive skin and these do not cause any irritation but get him clean.Amazing. Clean well and are moist. Plus extremely health conscious. Best organic wipes!Perfect for hands, face, etc.
I don't feel like it cleans very well, so I don't use these for poopy diapers.I Love these wipes. My baby has never had a diaper rash ever since I started using these wonderful wipes. I definitely recommend these for all ages.I bought these because my newborn was getting what I thought was diaper rash at the time from Pampers wipes, and my lactation consultant suggested water wipes.

They're pricey, and literally are soaking wet. I had to squeeze the liquid out of them before each use, and who wants to be doing that every time you have to change your little one's diaper? Not me! And as it turned out, my baby was getting a rash from the wipes being in a wipes warmer, so I went back to Pampers and haven't had problems since.

I like that these wipes don't have chemicals, but the drippiness was just too much.Great deal for the bulk discount.The product most definitely served the intended purposeThey are gd specially when ur kid has a rash all the time these one dont make her uncountable love the wipesI LOVE these wipes. My son has very sensitive skin. Most other brands of wipes cause a rash, but not these! I wish they were cheaper and/or Subscribe and Save eligible, but I will continue to but them either way.These are my go to wipes. They're 100% natural, and get the job done. Always moist when needed.Perfect for cleaning my LV bagRecieved item in a plastic secured package.Favorite!No odor and causes no irritation to the skin. That's all we needed and these wipes delivery. We highly recommend them.Water wipes are hands down the best wipes out there! Especially for babies with sensitive skin.Item delivered damaged again. This is the second time and pretty much destroyed everything else in the same package.Great "natural" wipes. Packaging is difficult to open and wipes do not leave package easily as they stick together. Could probably solve issue with simple wipe dispenser.Love these, they're not as harsh as other wipes.Great wipe idea but the wipes are too small and so is the hole in the bag to get them out. Very frustratingThese are the only wipes I can use on my super sensitive baby. The only thing I do not like is the packaging. It's almost impossible to get one wipe at a time and sometimes it's hard to get them out at all and when you are in the middle of a major number 2 .... it's a problem. This is why I give 4 stars.Perfect for babies/toddlers with really sensitive skin. Doubles as hand/face wipes too.D best if you can spare some money for non allergenic wipes for your baby's butt!most amazing wipes ever ! super moist and just like water, great for sensitive skin ! and also great if you have a baby like mine who loves to suck on baby wipes...This was so great for our baby with sensitive skin. We gift it to all of our new parent friends!Love these wipes! I only use these! My baby reacted to other wipes. I have GSE that I add to the wipe container when I add a little more water!Love, love, LOVE these! They smell nice and clean and have no nasty harsh chemicals, which is important for me. We just subscribed to the 9 pack box, so they'll arrive automatically every other month.My favorite wipes on earthNo issue. Does not bother my baby skin. We like it.I keep them for wiping hands and mouth only because it is so hard to pull it through the dispenser or the lack of pulling through.The wipes are fine, but there is no way to open packages and then there is no way to seal it close.The wipes are soft and don't leave your baby sticky like the others since they only contain only water and natural oil. Amazing!My daughter is allergic to ALL WET WIPES!!!! EXCEPT THESE!!! I was having to use warm water and wash clothes all the time. I had to find something quicker and easier. It was very hard getting out of the house before I found these. Now these are all we use! Love them.these are what they say they are.Best natural wipes out there!!!These are the absolute best wipes i have ever used!!!! If you are looking for a chemical free alternative that is safe for even the most sensitive skin STOP and look no further!!

They are extremely gentle even on the smallest of babies. They are almost entirely made of just water and the only other ingredient is natural as well making them completely chemical free. I react to literally every other baby wipe supposedly made for sensitive skin. These wipes I have used for almost three years and even when my skin is extra sensitive they are still perfectly fine for me to use.

In addition to being super safe for all skin types they are thick and soft as well! The thickness is perfect. I have never once put a finger through these while cleaning a messy diaper. I have never once worried they wouldn't hold up to a tough mess! They are also so cottony soft! Perfect for even the smallest babies delicate skin!

I truly can not say enough good things about these wipes! I will keep buying them as long as they make them and I will be very disappointed if they ever stop making them!excellent product, good price.They showed up mostly dried out. Way less wet than previous purchases of the same brand of wet wipes.They're great but they're more economical options out there!Use these for baby and myself. Love that they don’t have any chemicals.Best and only wipes I will use on my child. They never dry out and you use half the amount as you would with other name brands especially when there is a big mess to tackle.No harsh fumesWorks wellWe are now on a scheduled delivery for this item. I get a good deal for a large amount of wipes. My daughter's rash is officially gone.Love these wipes even better then the sensitive wipes alot better for my babys skin.I don’t feel like it cleans baby but I love that it’s just waterPackage arrived quickly and now I'm stocked up, works for all kinds of messesGreat wipes for babies with bad rashes. Nice alternative for chemical made wipes. A bit pricey but worth the money.Only wipes that have worked with sensitive skin.Love these! Makes me feel safe using them on babys face and hands too. They are the only wipes I buy!These are the most wonderful wipes out there. No chemicals to harm sensitive skin. Get the job done without irritation.Would be helpful if the opening to the package was a little wider.I love these water wipes! We have been using them since my son was born (he's 7 months now) and he has never had any skin irritation. I do not sense any scent.

It is sometimes difficult to take one wipe out of the package, especially at the end of the package. Sometimes two come out and I need two hands to separate them.Although I feel kind of silly buying water in a box, these are very convenient. They work well and I don't have to worry about any nasty chemicals on my baby's bottom.Love These!!!! I HIGHLY recommend these wipes over ANY others!!!My daughters (17&18) & I use these as makeup wipes. Love that they don't have lots of chemicals!!Cleaner, safer and better than baby wipes.I love the Water Wipes brand. They are my preferred wipes for both of my daughters. They are great for diaper changes hands and faces and all the other things we find ourselves using wipes for!My all time favorite wipesI love these wipes because they are mostly water (and a little grapefruit extract), so I feel safe using them on my baby's hands as well. Each wipe is pretty wet so it does a good job of cleaning up poop. Does not irritate my son's skin. I will order these again.Keeps really moist, cleans well, great material that doesn’t rip or dry out!Love these. We used these exclusively for the first 4 months with my daughter. We never had any issues with them. They are soft and damp without being too wet. Now we use Huggies Natural wipes in addition but I would recommend these hands down.Very soft, and great for sensitive skin. Must recommendedThey’re ok... can’t flush them... unscented, cool, it’s alright.Really mild and have a good amount of water, making wiping even large amounts of poop quick and easy.I have been using these for baby # 2 for 1.5 years, they are the best price and the best natural wipes I have found. How great is a wipe that is just made with water? I'll answer, so great! I have never had a problem with mine developing mold. Maybe the people that said that left them in a warm car? I love them and will continue to by them after my little guy is done learning to use the potty, since they are great to clean up faces in a pinch, too.Love themFantastic for newborns and sensitive skin. Its basically a soft wet throw-away towel. I feel like it could be a little softer but still works well.Love these wipes! My baby has sensitive skin and even sensitive brand wipes would bother her, these work great.I love the idea of these - 99.9% water with a teeny bit of grapefruit. I like to use it as a face and hand cleaner when on the go, rather than using the traditional wipe with all the chemicals on it.
However, the wipe is a little thicker than traditional wipe, so the design does not allow for another wipe to pop up once you take one wipe out, which makes it realllllly hard to grip the next wipe.
I don't have to tell you moms and dads out there - you just don't have the time to fiddle around with trying to get to the next wipe when you have a wiggly little one on your hands!Best deal we were able to find. Great product.Love these natural wipes! Friends recommended them & I like them. Have not used them on a baby yet.Gentle enough for newborns. I’ll be ver use anything else.goodI love these wipes, but agree with other reviewers, they are impossible to get out of the wrapper. I always end up pulling a bunch of them out at once. It is infuriating! But I love how simple they are and neither one of my babies has ever had a reaction to them. I have only had problems with mold if I haven't used the pack for a while.All naturalStay moist all the way til the end of the package! Amazon has the best price on these!!The best wipes everWater wipes are the best! feels good to know using chemical free on babies bottom.Other wipes sting because of the chemicals when the baby gets bad diaper rash. Highly recommend!These are fake.I really like these wipes. I learned about them from a mom friend who researches EVERYTHING so I feel 100% confident in them!love these wipes for baby, also I like I can wipe my face with them and they dont leave a nasty film.We haven't had any kind of reactions with these wipes, we love them! So pure and keeps the bum clean and freshThe BEST out there! Have been using these exclusively for a year now and they are great!awesome thank u!I hate to be the “lazy mom” but I love when the wipes pop up. When wiping poopy butts with wiggly legs, pop up wipes are much appreciated.Sensitive bottom for newborns, try these.
Really helped !It’s good but needs a better cover so not to leave it openI LOVE these wipes! No irritation or chemicals.Worth the money! They are the only wipes that don't cause my babies bottom redness!Great wipes if you are tying to stay natural. They work the same as any-other wipesFor sensitive skin these are the best. We tried everything on my youngest and were only able to clear up diaper rash with theseLove that they are 99 percent water due to my skin being so sensitive.Love these wipes they are strong and get the job done! Plus the added benefit of being chemical free!Love this product. Very gentle on baby skin.I love it! Have tried a lot of baby wipes but these are the best!Absolutely love these wipes. They are sturdy and soft, and they aren't full of awful ingredients. My pediatrician said to just use cloth and water, but that's not always practical. I use these instead. Never any rashes or issues.Best wipes! No chemicals and always very wet, they never dry out even if you accidentally leave the sticker open!I like them a lot. My little one has not had any issues using these wipes. I believe they have helped prevent bad rash.We use these with our cloth diapers and we love them. I hated the smell of normal wipes, these have no smell and get the job done!Healthiest wipes out there. The opening could use improvement and they aren't the thickest, but super gentle on faces and handsThis is a great product to use with a newborn.These wipes have been easier on my daughters skin. They don't dry out as quickly as standard wipes.The major problem with these is the size and thickness of the wipes leave a lot to be desired.My go-to shower gift now. Out newborn has had zero diaper rash with these. I also use them in the bathroom for myself post-partum.Keeps our baby from getting diaper rashThe only wipes I use on my daughter.I a grateful for these as they are minimally toxic and as a result of switching to these my daughter has had very few diaper rashes. I highly recommend it.The only wipes that don't irritate my daughters skin. All other "natural" wipes I've found contain way too many ingredients. These are great.These wipes are the best there is for natural wipes. My daughter can get a really bad diaper rash from time to time and has sensitive skin and they are great at not irritating her rash more and so gentle if we need to use them to wipe her face.these wipes are the BEST butt cleanersThey are sometimes too dry not sure is it the packing or the quality of the wipeVery wet sheets, and so are very very difficult to extract! for the convenience I find them expensive.I love these wipes they are very gentle and don't leave any purfume smell. No daiper rash in 3 months.Great product - use it on the go all the time.This is perfect for EVERYONE.Best wipes on the market. Please do your kids a favor and skip all the other wipes with a bazillion bad chemicals in them. Yes, they are a little more expensive, but SO worth it.good price. these work great on disabled rabbits with super sensitive skinI love these wipes. They are the only wipes that I feel comfortable with using on my baby. No chemicals! They clean great and are thick. The only thing that I would change would be how you get into the package. I wish there were a plastic opening vs the adhesive strip. Even without the more substantial opening, these are my go to wipes.Helps not cause pain for diaper rash since it has no fragrance.I have been using this for over a year happily but our recent package included stained wipes. I made a picture so you can see how bad it is.very good product is very convenient and useful.Bought this for my family of 8. Arrived on time no leaks, bugs or mold. Not sure if we just got lucky or what.Love these wipes. A great wipe without all the added chemicals. Great for my son's skin issues.We bought these in bulk to hand out to the needy during a mission trip. Seemed like a good price for the amount we got.Highly recommend for everything. I love there's no harsh chemicals like other wipes. Perfect for a newborns sensitive skin.Best Baby wipes ever !! Quality, non toxic ingredients!Love these wipes, soft on skinWe've tried damn near every wipe out there and these have the best cleaning ability without irritating the skin via chemicalsI love them! Very gentle on my baby's sensitive skin and since they're just water and grapefruit juice you can use them to wipe your baby clean anywhere and it won't be irritating. They are very wet though and thin, that's why I gave it 4 stars. If only they were dryer and thicker it'd be the dream wipe!Only wipes that don't irritate my baby's butt. I use these or a wet washcloth.. no rash. I switch to another wipe... rash.Best incontinents cleanersI love these wipesArrived on time and works as describedSo much better than wipes with alcoholLove these things!!! Wish I could have uSed them for my first two kiddos... great for sensitive skin!These wipes are amazing. Perfect for infants with sensitive skin and also work well for diaper rash since there are no additives or extra moisture left on the skin. This value pack will last for several months. Great when used as face wipes, too!Love themI have been using them for more than 1.5 years, and have never regretted my choice!GoodAmazing for sensitive skin, son gets a rash very easily. Hasn't gotten one yet since we used this product.These are the best wipes (especially for babies with sensitive skin). There are no extra chemicals or preservatives. No harsh smell or residue.My baby never has a rash because these are so gentle. They are also very high quality, soft material and very wet. I usually only need to use one.My son has always had diaper rash issues...until we started using these.Amazing! Works so well for newborns. So convient!! Waaayyy better than cotton pads and water. That was so annoying! Excellent buy!!Wonderful wipesThe best baby wipes for newborns.We love it. If you have not tried these, go for itLove these! Pampers Sensitive kept giving our baby a diaper rash; we switched to these, no more rash! I love that there are no chemicals - just water and 1% fruit extract.Love these wipes! It doesn't get much more natural than these. As well as they work I wonder why you'd buy anything else!?We have tried multiple natural brands of wipes and this by far is our favorite. Because of the amount of water these wipes contain we are able to get our little one really clean. We never have to worry about irritating her skin because the ingredients are so minimal....just water and Grapefruit Seed Extract!!!! What a relief!Love these wipes for my baby's bottomPerfect for all my kids. They clean well, do not irritate and have a hint of fruit smell.We love these wipes! It is the only wipe we have ever use on our daughter and are so thankful to have found this company. The wipes are soft and can handle any mess! The only thing is the wipes at the bottom of the package can be extra wet but I just squeeze out the excess water. But it's still a 5 star product!I use these for EVERYTHING!!My girls have very sensitive skin! I love these wipes and the quality of them. They're not cheaply made. They're thick and great for cleaning faces and messes!I REALLY wanted to love these wipes, believe me! But they are too thin, too small, and they do not feed out of the package correctly. When you try to pull one, you end up with ten!I absolutely love these wipes. They're a bit pricey and with 2 very regular babies, we go through them quickly. Currently looking for another brand so we can alternate using both.My daughter-in law loves itAbsolutely love it.did not irritate my skinAll these had expired in March 2020Great valueI have really sensitive skin and have passed along this trait to my kids. Other all natural products gave my oldest rashes. So when I found these before my second was born, I had my reservations. But they're awesome, very gentle, and do a great job cleaning the diaper area. One little peeve is that they don't come out of the package very easily. But I can happily deal with that knowing the product is so gentle and non-toxic.Great on baby’s skin! No issues!Best wipes ever!Nice wipesThese are the only wipes on the market that are truly chemical free. We use cloth wipes at home and these when we are out of the house.Love, love, love these! Recommended them to friends. They clean baby and don't cause diaper rash. I even use them to clean baby's face and hands.I love that there are only 2 ingredients in these wipes. I use cloth wipes on my baby, but sometimes need a little something more and these are great!These are the best! No smell, no chemicals!Love these! Clean great without all the chemicals!goodLove these! So clean and pure. Does not irritate my infants at all!I love Water Wipes! They are soft, fresh-smelling and do a great job. My go-to wipes for sure.These are wipes and work as wipes should...These wipes are very moist and soft.
They last months!
I send a few packs every other month to the primary school.My daycare just sent me a picture of what they found when they opened my son's pack of wipes. We have used Water Wipes for a year and a half and have never had this issue before. I'm not sure what happened, but this is totally unacceptable, and, frankly, unsafe.Love the concept but I found these thin and small. Took more wipes than other brands to do the job.These are great, nontoxic and safeLove these wipes! They’re the only ones I use for my little one!A bit difficult to get one at a timeBest wipes ever! No rashes or unnecessary ingredients.My friend loved them for her beautiful baby boyLove water wipes! No harsh chemicals never causes irritation on our babyI can't say enough about these wipes. I have been using them since birth and they are just great. For those moms looking for a chemical free wipes these are for you!These wipes are great! They don’t smell and stay wet in the packaging.Excellent product about the ingredients ; sometimes, it is hard to take one wipe : you got two or three...The packaging on these wipes is horrible, but overall i like how mild they are. Our 3 week old is developing a very mild rash on her bum, but I dont think its a reflection on these wipes.I love the fact that these are all natural on my baby's bottom. The only downside is they aren't as soft mainstream commercial brands.THE BEST WATER WIPES PERIODGreat wipes but could be better by package and to peel apart, they just don't pull apart easily.Only brand used for our grandsonLove these wipes. We have literally tried every brand and this wins!These are the absolute best baby wipes out there. Moist but not sticky, good thickness, wipes up poop fine, no fragrance. Get them!Thank you for much a wonderful product. For having a family with such sensitive skin; we no longer have an issue with wipes. Please never change!Soft wipesThese wipes put or her wipes to shame. O my wipes I care to use.These wipes work where other so-called fragrance-free wipes fail. There is absolutely nothing in these that will irritate baby's bottom. Highly recommended for extra-sensitive skin.So natural and softIt's so nice to be able to use these wipes on a bottom, face, hands, whatever! You don't have to worry about horrible chemicals! Thick wipes, good moisture level, and no lint!likes it because there is no chemical stuff. But it is so hard to take one piece of cloth, maybe because it is too thinvery thin wipes...but for the price I didnt expect muchThese wipes are a must have for the little ones. They contain no alcohol and ate not harsh on the baby.Came across these randomly before my son was born and thought I'd give them a try. Haven't used anything else since and he's 2 months now!I like these but there’s not enough in a packOnly wipes my baby wouldn’t scream when we used them. But great for sensitive skin.Love Love these water wipes - no chemicals to harm my new born!!! Great Price!!I used to buy tushies but they disappeared. These are pricey wipes but worth it to me. You can use them anywhere without worrying about chemicals. Our kids ended with rashes after using both huggies wipes and pampers wipes. These are so gentle. They are smaller than huggies. Size wise, they are more like the Costco brand wipes, thinner than huggies but not like tissues. No scent at all -which I like. Not too wet where they drip, but moist enough to wipe sticky Popsicle drips off of chins. It takes two of these to fill up a huggies tub. Highly recommend them. If you don't want to take the plunge into the dermah2o, order a single pack. You won't be disappointed.great stuff, just wished the wipes were a bit thickerMy baby has delicate, sensitive skin and these are the only wipes worth using.Best wipes you can buy. No harsh ingredients or chemicals or fragrances.My baby has never had a diaper rash since he was born and I credit these wipes plus the pure shea butter that I substitute for rash cream.The best natural wipes for sensitive bums.My wife does tons of research for our little one, and she is good abt finding best values and these are now on our monthly Subscribe & Save.Best diaper wipes I have ever used. Have used them with all my grandchildren! I have recommended them to other friends and family.Love these wipes!! They are very soft and do not have any type of scent. We haven’t had any rashes with my daughter who is 4 months old. They are way more expensive than regular wipes but well worth it. We love them so much we got the subscription.my son had a pretty bad diaper rash at only a few weeks old due to scented wipes and I was told about these pure water unscented wipes and the diaper rash has not returned. :DThis is a great product! Fantastic for sensitive skin, great for a cleanup when out and about.Now that we have another baby on the way, I only want the best non-toxic products and these wet wipes are also super soft!I love these! i wipe my sons toys after falling on the floor also or the end of a table that he eats off of. Great quality perfect for many things!N/aThe bestI love these wipes! They're so gentle and I don't worry about them being toxic to my kids. It'd be nice if they were a little bit thicker, but I still like them enough to buy these as my first choice whenever possibleThey work fine. Really expensive. Huggies 99% water seem to work the same. Half the price of these.Best wipes ever, not kiddingTerrific wipes. I use them as makeup remover towelettes. Great fir travel too!!I like these wipes. Strong, thick and no harsh chems! Thanxgreat product. no complaints from us, baby's bottom has been completely free of irritation or rashes. get the job doneThese are the most amazing wipes. Stay wet even if the flap is gone. Great for sensitive skin.Wonderful for delicate and sensitive nature of newborn skin but also allows to clean dirty bottom.These are very gentle on the skin of my grandbaby, who can develop a rash from chemicals.Soft on skin, flushable, no scent, good for hypoallergenicBest wipes ever!! Use them all the time, little pricey but, I have contact allergies so its worth it to meI liked it because it contains a lot of water, but the method of opening and closing is not good at all, there is better than that.These have been awesome for my sensitive little guy!Water wipes are the best--my daughter is 5 months old and probe to diaper rash and only water wipes help keep the rash away and don't burn her bum.NOT ONCE HAVE I HAD TO USE ANY BUTT PASTE OR DESITIN/DIAPER RASH CREAM SINCE I HAVE BEEN USING THESE WIPES. ITS WORTH WHATEVER THE EXTRA IS THA THTEY COST.Best for when baby has rashIts a worthwhile purchase.Great quality! Not designed for warmers.We have used WaterWipes since our baby girl was born and have not had to deal with diaper rash or any other skin reactions. The wipes are well saturated and we love that they are truly water based.We have been using these wipes without issue since our 7-week old was born. They are unscented and relatively strong. They work well with our wipes warmer. The only drawback is the cost hence the 4 stars.Soft and durable! I really like these!By far our favorite wipe, aside from a warm damp cloth. Soft, safe for baby's face & bottom. Will buy again!Great wipes. Love that it's mostly water.... Some other brands bubble with chemicals. Would give 5 stars as soon as they put it in better dispensers. Taped dispenser for a quality product like this??!! just makes me wonder about the marketing genius behind product.They work quite nicely on my baby’s sensitive skin.Absolutely THE best wipes! Love that it’s almost 100% water and gets the job done. Subscribed monthly for 2 years now. Thank you for an amazing product!These wipes not only get the job done but provide a gentle cleaning for my little one's sensitive skin. Sometimes I am worried that a wipe product is too dry to clean my baby but not with these wipes. I am assured a thorough cleaning every time.No added fragrances or allergens!!Strange textureFamily is allergic to every other wipe on the market. Needless to say, it's nice to have a disposable option.Love that the product is just water and grapeseed oil. Use it to wipe everything. No bumps after using it on my big girl face.They are great. I want the best for my baby and they are without alcohol, which is why I'm a repeat customer.We used Piyo Piyo Pure Water Baby Wipes for a while and loved it. Then the product became unavailable, so we switched to this less expensive alternative. We love the fact that it contains only pure water, no fragments. The sheet is not as thick as Piyo Piyo, but it does the job as well. The closure of the wipes is just a sticker, so it's not as durable as Piyo Piyo's. Other than that, we like this product.The only wipes we will ever use. So gentle on baby's bottom.There is no better wipes than this.These are great wet wipes without the use of chemicals since the ingredients are just water and fruit extract.Huggies wipes made my baby break out. Ever since I've used only water wipes and it's rare I see redness on his bottom. Have never used any diaper rash cream, etc. Change your wipes to these!!!!I've been using these wipes for 3 years now and have never had any type of diaper rash issues with either of my Sons! THE BEST!These were a bit too 'wet' - I had to blow dry baby's bottom to make sure I wasn't locking moisture in.First I would like to say that I love this product. My son has sensitive skin and this product works great for him.

However, the company has made a few changes recently and they don't work well. At first I thought 2 tenths down sizing in wipe size wouldn't matter that much, but it does. The wipes don't open up like they use to so it takes two hands to unfold a wipe. (Who has two hands in the middle of a diaper change). The wipes aren't has thick as they use to be but not an issue at this time. The bag design needs to reviewed. The bag lays funny and will not allow a good seal after about 20 wipes have been used. The last super set I ordered didn't come in a box. They came in a thin plastic bag and looked completely unprofessional. I payed a lot for these wipes and I was disappointed.

I'm going to try one more bag but before returning my last order and making my own wipes.They are more moist and thicker than regular wipes. My grandson has sensitive skin absolutely no problem using on him.Love this wipes, best wipes ever.We LOVE these wipes! You can't beat the ingredients if you're not going to use homemade cloth wipes. GREAT product!A very allergic toddler has no sores or relief from this product. First ClassBest wipes ever and the best for growing babiesWe were using Target Up brand unscented wipes and my daughter got a HORRIBLE rash on her bottom. But we found that as soon as we rinsed her with water it would immediately begin to look way better. When we were at the hospital we were given dry paper towels and wet them in the sink before using them and she had no issues so we figured it wasn't an issue of texture or us wiping too hard, it was likely something in the liquid. After careful consideration and reading reviews on mommy blogs we found these. I LOVE THESE! First, they are so soft and thick, I can often get away with using only one wipe even for a poopy diaper bec I can wipe and then flip it over (unless it really is a gross one). There's a very mild scent to it, not unpleasing at all, not chemically either. My one issue with the wipe is the way they're packed and the small opening makes it difficult to pull out one wipe at a time. Usually I will pull out one or two before I start to change her. I also have cut the top of the package and then stuck the package in a tupperware container to keep them from drying out. As a side note, when I use them I've found that all the liquid sort of pools at the bottom so the wipes on top end up being a little dryer, for this I just store the package upside down and it seems to work, i haven't had anything leak. We have a subscription and so it's super convenient since we don't have to worry about running to the store, we just have Amazon send us a box monthly (we're still working out whether or not this is a good interval, it may be too often, but we're not sure yet).i love these! and they'll be the only wipes i 'll ever buyNo problems with the product but ridiculously overpriced. The size of the wipe is much smaller and thinner.I love these wipes. My daughter had multiple bad diaper rashes because we didn't know about these. My son never gets rashes or rednessOur baby was constantly getting rashes, and these helped to alleviate that issue.Works great with no chemicals!Great for what I need.I can't live with out these. Other wipes have chemicals and make you itchy, not these! They are strong and work great.does not smear or tear when you need it the mostNo chemicals, and they are not dry so they clean very well!Have my baby a horrible diaper rash. Grapefruit seed oil burns the bottom... will not be purchasing again.Received expired wipedamazing wipes - a bit wet but amazingLove using it, though the wipes sometimes come out in clumps.Natural waterLove itI've used these since my baby was born. The name brand wipes have unnecessary ingredients and left a film on her skin. These do the job!I really love these wipes for my daughter! Other wipes gave her a rash...Not at all easy to separate wipes during cleaning.My daughter broke out in a rash from other brands. Love how clean this product is and that I don’t have to use a bunch to get the job doneGreat wipes. They seem perfectly moisturized. I do wish they came with an easy open/close top, but that doesn't reduce the product quality.The best item in my view for baby's and new borns. The product is better then honest baby wipe in my usage.Love these wipes!Very goodI don't usually go for the "all-natural" or "chemical-free" stuff, but the fact is that even pampers sensitive wipes gave my son rashes regardless of diaper cream use. These don't. 5 stars.Cleans good and no chemical smell. My baby has had no rashes so far. I only wish that it came with an easier opening so that the wipes come out faster.Product as described, works well with the most sensitive of skin. However, with large messy poops, you can use A LOT of wipes at once.I like that they are fragrance free and 99.9% water. My daughter doesn't break out from them. They are the only wipes I buy for her.These are amazing! Easy on my baby's skin and an overall great product. My only criticism would be that the wipes can be a little difficult to get out of the package - they can stick together and the opening is small. This criticism is absolutely outweighed by the high quality of these wipes!We like these wipes the bestThis product is amazing. Doesnt dry on sticky which is great. But overall these wipes rockI love these wipes as they don't have fragrance or chemicals in it. The problem is the bottom ones are way to wet. I tried the instructions of putting them upside down. Didn't work.
I'll switch to fabric as Wipes in general are not good for the planet.Baby got really bad rash from the first use!I like these but it’s hard to pull out just one so you end up wasting them. The hunt for the perfect wipes continuesMost baby wipes have tons of ingredients I don’t want and smells terrible. This is the most natural baby wipes I can find, short of making it myself.This is the second box in a row of Water Wipes that is damp. Further inspection revealed two packages of the wipes are leaking. If stuff is getting out, then stuff is also getting in. Not sanitary. Poor quality control.The softest and yet most natural baby wipes on the market!Great non toxic wipes! We have been using them for over 2 years and haven’t had one complaint about quality or anything.Love that they're so pure but we had to pat her with a clean dry towel after since they're so wet.Works great! why would you choose any other wipe filled with chemicals when there is this one available?It is gentle on the baby's skin and no scent at all. The material is nice, but not soft enough. It is really pricy for the amount of product you get though.Our little guy have sensitive skin and this is the only wipes that does not irritate his skin.Wipes are very fresh, are well moistened and runs smooth of your skin.Best baby wipes for sensitive kiddos - these are the only ones by son's preschool allows!Great buy only wipe I use for my lil girl 👍🏽 Highly recommendedI love the minimal ingredients. I love that I didn't have to worry about what I'm putting on my baby's skin.
I hate how wet they are. I found myself constantly ringing them out before using them whic was a pain.
I hate the sticker tab opening. Mine always wrinkled up and lost its stick after a few days of opening them.
If my baby was extremely sensitive, I'd deal with all of the negatives, but for us it just wasn't worth it. Especially at such a heftier price. We chose to go with amazons unscented wipes and have zero complaints!!Water wipes - only brand I trust to buy!Very easy to use on sore or messy bottoms.The wipes have changed... they used to be larger and thicker. I still like the product, but I am disappointed with the changes in the wipes. The new wipes are terrible compared to the previous wipes and the price is still the same. Very disappointed in this company. They took a great product and ruined it by making the wipes thinner. It's interesting that the dimensions of the product remained the same when they are obviously different.I won’t use anything else! Love theseLike it very muchFold is awful. I put them in warmer and cant take it out from despenser. Have to open whole warmer to take out wipe.Appreciate these gentle wipes but annoying how when you pull out a wipe, they don't separate easily and you'll end up with a wad of wipes.Love these wipes! Safe and effective without a bad smell like others I've tried,Great for my little one with sensitive skin.These have far less ingredients than boogie wipes for wiping faces/ nose. I'm happy with these so far for that purpose, no complaints.My boys have sensitive skin, but rarely ever has diaper rash thanks to these wipes! I absolutely love them.I really like these wipes. 3 stars because the wipes were received today but prod date is Aug 2017 and Exp date is Nov 2018.Our baby has sensitive skin. We first received these and 3 other types of sensitive wipes as shower gifts. These are by far the best, and are the only type we've repurchases!I really like these wipes. Our little girl is 11 weeks old and we haven’t had one issue with diaper rash.Love these wipes they are so gentle on the baby. LO has done great with them since he was a newborn.Love itLove the wipes, just not the price!We like them and they’re very practicalMy nephew has a sensitive skin. It is a reason I choose it for my nephew. This product is very smoothy and stretch.Great for my kids with sensitive skinThese work well and are not sticky and do not have any scent.Best wipes. My babies never got rashes!I really don't like it ... You have to rub it so much on your little one's bottom so its clean . .. I guess its not wet enoughPurest wipes and so worth it! hope it does not keep changing prices though! it was a $10 price hike one time!It is the second time I buy it and the second pack is awful: there is the odor and the wipes are dry, they supposed to be odorless and wet, that is crucial for neonates and babies!!!This item is just as described. We really like them.The packaging is different from the one shown on picture. And the wipes are different from the same wipes I buy in stores. They are not wet enough....so instead of using just one I have to use 2 because they are quite dry. DisappointedLove these!!! Only wipes my daughters skin can handleGreat wipes, but not pop up and really expensiveBought for shower gift.I love these wipes!!! No extra chemicals that are harsh on my baby's skin! Just water! I use them on his face as well!These are our favorite wipes!! Great if your looking for something natural!!My wife swears by these for our grandchildren when they visit.Wish it would fit in my warmer better but it's a good productDefinitely gentle and mild, but nearly impossible to pull only one out. Ended up switching to cloth wipes and water after fighting with these.Wipes are too flaky/ wet to use in a wipes warmerBest wipes. Bar none. Always wet and never irritated my baby’s skin.Excellent product. It stays moist longer then Higgins and pampers.The best wipe EVER!!!!These wipes are great. Expensive, yes, but worth every penny to know you aren't using harmful chemicals on your baby's delicate skin.100% LOVE these wipes. I bought a box of 9 for each of my sisters and they also loved them. My family and I, now, only buy these water wipes. They are 100% safe for our babies. I recommend these!I tried lots of other wipes along side these and now have these on auto ship. They clean so much better and don’t have that gross baby wipe smell!These are by far the best wipes on the market! Wouldn't use any others!Great purchase and value for item.GreatThese are GREAT. We buy these at Amazon and wherever we can find them. Grandbaby was sensitive to anything else.These are the best wipes ever!!! I love the feel of them and how wet they are. There is seriously nothing better than them! I will forever only buy these wipes now!Only product my mother-in-law's skin can tolerate. She's 105 and other wipes irritate her skin.I love the wipes so nice and moist for the baby. It’s a strong wipe it doesn’t break easilyAs a mom who chooses only to use safe and natural products on my child, I really wanted to love these!! Due to the fact that these wipes are so pure and contain only water and fruit extract, I found that they didn't glide across my sons skin. I know that this is because all of the moisturizers found in most wipes are not present in these. I had to use way too many wipes per diaper change and the more I wipe, the more irritated my child sensitive skin becomes. There are other safe, natural wipes out there that I find easier to use and are more comfortable for my son. Yes they may have more ingredients, but for me, they are less wasteful to use and easier on my son's skin. For reference, I really love Burt's Bees new baby wipes and Natracare.Gentle and unscented but difficult to remove from package. We often accidentally grab multiple sheets at a time, which generated unnecessary waste.More sensitive than sensitive wipes clearly loaded with h2oThese are my favorite wipes!! I love that they are made without any harsh chemicals. We have tried other wipes in the past and these are the only wipes that haven't caused a diaper rash! They truly are the BEST!Love these just wish they were easier to get out with out them sticking together.Best wipes ever. Sometimes are too wet but makes me happy it has no chemicalsLove the product and it's almost the same price as regular wipes and I don't mind spending a few extra dollars to give my baby the better product with out all the junkThese wipes are fantastic. They are so gentle, we use them for diaper cleanup as well as cleaning up baby's face and hands. I have no problem with diaper rash with these wipes. The only drawback is sometimes it's hard to grab just one wipe from the package. Otherwise, these are our favorite!Love it!!! Cleans better then other wipes and my kids do not break out. Like they say you get what you pay for!Best wipes out there! So soft, stay nice and wet as long as you keep the package sealed, and never cause any irritation on my baby's little parts because it's mostly water! Genius.It's natural, safer. More expensive but its the best. This is the only wipes I will use on my child.as describedThey are not very moist making them not as useful.Okay I did not know this was 3x higher than Huggies nature care wipes. You also get poop on your hand when you are wiping poop because they are so thin. Will not buy againIt's a good for me to use this one to clean my baby's mouth and hands because it's 99.9% of water and others is fruit. I think this is very safe.Excellent productexcellent wipes, my kiddo will develop a rash that will not heal with any other wipe.Love that the only ingredients are water and grapefruit seed extract. What I don't love is how hard they are to get out of the package one handed while you're changing a diaper. I tried putting them in an old pampers wipes tub to remedy this, and they were too short to reach through the slot. Water Wipes needs to come up with their own plastic tub of sorts. Also, the water pools at the bottom of the package. So by the time you get down to the bottom, you're pulling out sopping wet wipes. I suppose you can store them upside-down and rotate them so that this doesn't happen. This isn't that big of a deal if all you care about are the clean ingredients. Still, just a few thoughts on how to make a great product even better.... :-)Love this product, so much because it never increases my child's irritation no matter what types of bowel movements he's having. Helps us keep diaper rash at bay.I liked them :) they run out quickly tho They only lasted maybe 3 weeks I believe so 2 boxes would definitely last a monthLove these wipes. My daughter has sensitive skin and constantly had diaper rash or redness no matter what we did. After just a few days of using these wipes the rash is completely gone! The wipes are definitely more expensive but totally worth it.Really like these. Smells nice and puts my mind at ease when my daughter puts these in her mouth.We love these wipes and have been using them for 15 months now, since our baby was born. They are the only wipes that don't contain soaps, lotions, fragrances, and other harmful chemicals.Makes me wonder how i was able to live without themGreat wipes, I found that they clean up poop even better than regular brands.Only wipe that has not given my baby a rash, love them.Hurricane prep suppliesNo rash!!!! Love it!!!! Finally, no chemicals for my precious baby butt <3 You would think that they're more expensive than the regular wipes but Because they're a little bit more expensive you use them wisely . Good tip it's to turn over the package Few times because the water sits at the bottom. So to make them more voice just turn over the package few times per day or whenever you use them. I love them they're great all wipes should be like that no chemicals nothing just water.
BUT BUT BUT For the 2nd time they came in damage package and you can actually smell the mold I don't know if they packed them poorly but had to return it. Still it's the best available price to buy it on Amazon.it is very difficult to pull the wipe out.

but we keep buying this product since it is more green and healthy to baby.My favorite yet, up there with wipes from the Honest Company. Good thickness and it feels like it wipes clean with none of the sticky residue or scent that other wipes have. The only annoyance is the resealable sticky top doesn’t work very well—it has a tendency to come off.My son, 10mo, has not had a single diaper rash since we switched to these wipes at 7mo.these are great. I open the whole package and put them inside a huggies reusable pouch. much easier.When I switched to water wipes I definitely noticed a reduction in diaper rashes. It may take an extra wipe or two to clean up the messier poops, but for me it was well worth it. We now use these wipes exclusively.I love the simplicity of WaterWipes. They are very safe and effective. The only downside to these wipes are the fact that they stick to one another. This can sometimes make it difficult to grab only one wipe. Overall, I love this product.The purest, most simple baby wipes out there. No artificial smells, colors, or harmful chemicals. Baby's tushie feels great! ;-)Buy these every month. Thank you for such a great chemical free product that does not give baby a rash!My daughter was saved, very expensive but infinite bow, continued appreciation for these great folks!Not a fan of the wipes. Very thin.They don’t pull out like a tissue box. I have to dig for a new one every sheet.LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!They dont have a scent to me. Really natural, and has never irritated or bothered my baby at all.clean and simpleThe wipes are more expensive than those of Pampers or Huggies, but they're not sticky at all, so soft and gentle to my newborn's skin, yet clean very very well!
The only reason I put 4 stars, is sometimes I open the pack and the wipes are not wet enough. But I just add some water to the pack - and voila!We use these for EVERYTHING!all packages were moldedGood wipes it does the jobI just love these! No diaper rash for our son. Won't go without them.These are the only wipes we use! No chemicals, not sticky, not soapy, no nasty residue left on baby! Worth every pennyLove these wipes, very easy on my kids and basically just water but disposable and convenient to use on the gobest wipes on the planet hands down!Best wipes ever! No chemicals. My son is 1 and has never had diaper rash!!Great wipes!Best wipes ever used. We use it for everything.Best wipes! I would never buy anything else! No diaper rash or irritation. Safe product.Love these wipes. My son is allergic to most wipes and diapers and these are the only wipes I can use that don't break him out.Best wipesLOVE these wipes. Never going back. No unwanted frangrances, chemicals, etc. they work wonderfully.Such a "clean" product without dyes scents, etc. working well with our newborn.We have used wster wipes for my son since birth and have never had any issues. We wouldn't use any other wipe.these are a lifesaver! when my son had surgery we were not allowed to use wipes. After everything healed i was still nervous to use regular wipes in case it stung. I tried these and love them!! Only down fall is the price. They are way more expensive than regular wipes.My babies bum is loving thisGood product!One of the only preservative free wipes on the market. It is hard to pull them out piece by piece - but it will just have do.Great wipes but I wish it had a better opening. Towards the end of product use when I only wanted 1 wipe 5-7 or so would come out.Only wipes I will use. I love that I can read the label and the TWO ingredients. As close to making my own wipes as I can get.I love these wipes. The only weird thing is I can't get them to feed through my wipe warmer, they must not be layered in the right way to pull one up after another.These wipes are amazing if you have a baby with sensitive skin.Quick Shipping, good product nice for quick wipe downs.I'll never use any other wipes again!!! Water wipes are wonderful!My son has very sensitive skin and gets horrible diaper rash. Typically the doctor tells you not to use wipes when this happens which can be difficult but water wipes are the perfect solution, since they are just water and grapefruit extract. My dr hadn't heard of them but showed her and she loves them and is now recommending them to other patients with similar issues.Love these wipes, and this is a great way to buy them.As expected. Work well. Happy to not be using tons of chemicals.I recommend itThick clothe & sensitive skin is what sold meLuv luv.. best water wipe.. i hav used so farThese are the ONLY wipes that don't give my daughter a rash. I don't know what we'd do without them!ReplacementRecieved wipes that were a year old and close to expiring, 3 times.Great for babies with sensitive skin.It’s the perfect amount of wet for babies, toddlers and even spills around the house.I love this wipe alternative for sensitive skin!We love Water Wipes. No harmful chemicals!I liked the product very much. But the price went up from 37 in May 2020 to 42 as of today. That’s a real turn down. Not good to take advantage of COVID situation.Great products!Love the formula, but the texture of the wipes is so bad it can barely do any cleaning. Just slips on the skin. If they changed the texture these would be great.The most natural wipes I found, have been using these for 4 weeks now and really like them.Love them! No yucky chemicals in them!Regular wipes give her diaper rash. Love these and they smell niceThey are really soft and clean my daughter well.Love the wipes and how there are 2 ingredients. But getting these great wipes out of the packing is a huge pain in the butt!!! They need to reevaluate the packing on these.Best wipe if you don’t want chemicals on your baby!!They are too small and too thin.Love the softness and lack of chemicals. They have many uses beyond the baby.Love this product! My son had diaper rash that nothing could get rid of and these wipes did the trick!GooooodThis is fakeIf you want to use just water on your babe's sensitive bum, these are an awesome disposable option. Very few diaper rash incidences.We and our baby loves these. We highly recommend. I wish there we could buy these in an ever bigger box size for more savings.The only wipes we use. No issues with diaper rash yet.My LO is allergic to any other kind of baby wipe, this is the only one that is pure water and doesn't have any other ingredient that produce a rash on my baby's but.Cleaned the baby well, but had an odd smell. The wipes also stuck together and you end up wasting a few per diaper change.Only baby wipes that don’t give my daughter a rash!I like these wipes so far. My little one is 3 months and hasn't gotten a diaper rash. I like that they are all natural and seem to work great!Great products for kidsMy daughter had a reaction to these. She started to have a skin reaction and we have done nothing different since using these (no change of detergents, foods, soaps, etc). Turns out GSE is not safe as the preservative when I did some reaearch and may contain methylparaben, triclosan, or benzethonium chloride (when tested by a third party). Do your research. We now have to go back to making our own wipes again.Safest wipes out there for our little one, if ingredients are true & clean (can never tell right?)GoodI have been using these since my daughter was born, and I wouldn't use anything else! No chemicals means that I don't have to worry that they are contributing to any diaper area problems! You just have to remember that they have no preservatives, so must be used within a month of opening. Normally not a problem, but sometimes the pack in my diaper bag doesn't get used that fast and I have to remember to rotate. My only (mild) issue is that sometimes they are not wet enough- the upper wipes are sometimes much drier than the bottom ones, so I solved this by storing them upside-down. The manufacturer actually notes this on the product- that it's due to no chemical to bind the water to the wipe (so it's a NATURAL occurrence) and you can just turn the wipes upside-down and squeeze to redistribute the water. So even that mild complaint can't really be a complaint because the minor minor inconvenience keeps chemicals away from my baby! I recommend to (ALMOST) everyone!
Also be sure your hands are relatively clean (which they should be when starting diaper changes if possible to not get germs on sensitive, sometimes sore/rashy bottoms)- sometimes the wipes can be difficult to get out of the pack, so if you have dirty hands, you'll contaminate the inner package and wipes- I'm guessing that's why some people complain and have run into mold issues after they've had a pack open for a while.
DO NOT USE IF YOU TRANSFER TO ANOTHER PACKAGE OR USE A WARMER OR YOU CAN'T USE AN OPEN PACK IN LESS THAN 30 DAYS- there is no preservative, so doing any of those things can create bacteria and mold growth.My kiddos have sensitive skin and are allergic to many things but these have been wonderful! No reactions!The only baby wipes we use and will use for our baby! No chemicals that can harm the skin of your baby and use can use it with 100 percent satisfaction!Best wipe out there! My daughter is very sensitive and these are the only wipes we can use in her diaper rash prone skin.My baby was sensitive to just about every wipe on the market, even sensitivity ones. These water wipes are perfect and don’t give her and redness or rashes.Expensive, but worth it! That's if you are looking for something less ingredients or chemicals. Four star for being expensive!Arrived on time and as expected.Best wipes on the market. Hands down! These are oddly wet, but without dripping. There is no scent, but they leave my baby fresh. Love these so much.these are the best wipes as my grandchildren cant use anything else or they break out...A little expensive , but it is worth itNo additives or artificial preservatives. No fragrance. Soft on babe's skin. Highly recommend!Perfect for babies with sensitive skin, super soft, with no scent. Can be used on bottom, face, hands or any part of the bodyGreatNice that toxin free but wish they were way more more moist. Have to use up so they don't grow bacteria which is expectedGreat for sensitive skinThe only wipe on the market with just 2 ingredients.These wipes work so well.flu sables are the only way to go.My baby never gets diaper rash since I started using these wipes.Nicely moist and perfect thickness with a very light scent.We love the water wipes. They stay moist and do not dry out, plus they are all natural for the baby.Im not sure if this the the real or fake i took a chance i saw some reviews saying they got fake ones. Idk thats y i give 2 starsThey may be more expensive but a lot less diaper rashesWe love water Wipes. We use them for everything baby related.We love how natural these wipes are and how they stay nice and hydrated all the way to the end of the pack. They are the only wipes we use.Love the wipes. Wish they were folded better to come out of wipe holders/openings.Takes a lot of them to clean a poopy baby bottom.Since this is my first baby, these are the only wipes Ive been using for the past 10 weeks. While I love the fact that it only has 2 ingredients, I do want to try another brand that contains a cleaning agent. I dont feel my baby is thoroughly clean unless I use 1/2 dozen wipes, or I give him a bath. He has been breaking out in rashes, I think this is also due to using diapers that also don't contain any chemicals that would normally absorb his waste. Now I'm trying a different brand of diapers, and will be trying baby BLOOM wipes this week.Best thing for sensitive skinGreat wipes and love the fact they contain no harsh chemicals.etc....gets the job doneThis is the ONLY wipe we can use out of every "sensitive" baby wipe we tried! NO MORE IRRITATION and so much easier than paper towels and cotton balls!!These wipes are ok but just too wet.I ordered them before and I liked it. Now the texture of it is not the same and when I put it in a warmer they separate. Won’t order them againLove how these are highly rated on EWG but really don't like how they just push the poo around instead of helping clean up the poo.Best baby wipes on the market. No chemicals & they do the job.I loved how Durable yet gentle they were on my newborns skin.I'm so happy I found wipes without synthetic fragrances and added chemicals. I love these wipes! My baby skin hasn't had a rash or broken out from them. I'm about to order more and thought a review was necessary.really good wipes, with plenty of water contentI love the purity of these wipes. Great for baby and I also use to remove makeup. Nontoxic. Only wish they were a bit cheaper.Love the concept didn't love the wipes. They did not glide easily over the skin. They never wiped the way I needed them to which led to baby poo on my hand on more than one occasion.My daughter have very sensitive skin. Even the sensitive pamper wipes gave her diaper rash. These are perfect for her and get her very clean. They are reasonably priced.works great.favorite wipesthese are great! love using them on little faces and butts! package is easy open and closeFinally a wipe without all the crappy ingredients! I mean who wants to wipe their precious baby's butt with sodium blah blah?!! Amazing!Received end of May with expiration Nov 2019.buy pureThe best wipes for my baby with a sensitive skinOur daughter has eczema, and other wipes (even the Seventh Generation ones) irritate her skin. These wipes work great for travel or daycare (we use cloth wipes and water at home).Just like regular baby wipes without all the chemicals! We love themThese are the greatest wipes around! I wouldn't trust anything else on my baby's skin. 0 complaints!I LOVE these. No parabens, no fragrance, no alcohol. Very gentle on skin, which is especially nice when trying to clean a child with a rash. Nothing in them to make it sting more. Decent price for a great product.LO has very sensitive skin and a rash that we couldn't seem to help. Everything else we tried didn't work, only made the rash worse or caused her pain. WaterWipes have been a God send for her. Perfect for sensitive skin and diaper rash.A MUST HAVE for infantsExcellent wipes but pricey !!!Love these...especially when the lo has diaper rashI love how these don’t try out and therefore you don’t need as many wipes to do the job. I also love how clean the ingredients are!I received a package of baby wipes this past week and found something on the wipes that looks like mold. I havent had a problem with these wipes in the past so i was very disspointed. I would attach a picture but the (add a photo) button is not working.Only product that works on our daughter’s sensitive skin.These wipes are great, and just what we wanted: water. Plain and simple!Nice wipes, wish they were less expensive.Love that these have not harsh chemicals or anything else weird in them. They get the job done too!Best wipes hands down. Easy on my baby’s sensitive skin. Love them.These are knock offs and have chloride in them. pls read the print. Why is amazon allowing this garbage to be sold when the real product is out there! Very misleading!Best baby wipes I have ever used. Brag about them to all my friends. Won't use another brand again.These are great - why don't all stores carry them retail? Geez.Before the pandemic 800 count baby wipes $13 after pandemic 720 count baby wipes $45 after taxesI love waterWipesI love the water wipes, beat for babies and toddlersLove the wipes...These wipes are good to wipe hands and face but other than that they are too wet & cause rashesThe best wipes! So gentle and no strange smell. Very natural and I feel good about using on hands and face as well.The cleanest and best wipe by far. Highly recommend it.Love this product but packaging is horribleThese wipes expired in 2019. I already used a bunch on my 13 month old before realizing. Very concerned !Love these! They work great and I don't need to worry about chemicals.Best wipes out there. And they're pure.I use this only when my LO has diaper rash, seems to not irritate her compared to other brand-name wipes.Pure and cleanFruits and water!!! Really?!!
Amazing wipes!!Best wipes!!I like using these for newborns or for bad diaper rashes since they are just water.Soft texture. Easy to clean.I don’t want say anything I just Love thatBEST WIPES IN THE BUSINESS. UNSCENTED, STAYS WET!!If your baby has a sensitive bottom you need these!Happened to use these everyday great for if you have sensitive skinIs not irritating my baby I loved itNo chemicals. Great product :)Love this clean product!Love these! perfect for sensitive skin & now chemicalsI love how pure these are and they get the job done! I hate the heavy scents of all the other wipes. Absolutely no fragrance with these. Perfect.They are excellent!!I couldnt find my usual brand pampers sensitive skin and ordered these which ended up being a great product. Definitely recommend.My son gets rashes easily and seemed to be having alergic reactions to our pampers wipes. Tried these and no issues. Love them. I’ll never go back to any other wipe!Love these natural wipes!! Only wipes we will useI've used these for long enough to feel I can give an honest review. They feel different to my Honest wipes. I had to find a substitute since Honest voluntarily recalled a few batches due to presence of mold.. I switched to these in the interim. Compared to Honest the fabric feels comparable but the "wipe-feel" is slightly different. I prefer Honest wipes for a sticky number 2.. But these are nice and wet nonetheless.
Only improvement I would suggest is a plastic clip close.. The sticky wears out before the wipes run out.I would recommend this to anyone who has a child with sensitive skin or just don’t like wipes with fragrance in them.The only baby wipes safe enough to use on my baby girl!We constantly buy this. Best wipes.It was a giftI love these!! My daughter has eczema and these work amazing for her sensitive skin!!!These wipes are great on sensitive skin. I really like that I'm not having to use wipes with a bunch of chemicals in the ingredient list. These wipes are as pure as they come. I would do plain water but I want convenience and these wipes give me that.Easily the best wipes on the market! Delicate, with good ingredients, and they do the job!They don't cause any redness or rashes. I've been using them from birth and recommended to all of my friends with babies.High quality no unknown chemical non sense. So far my kids do not have any issue with this particular wipes.I love using water wipes!Other wipes gave my new born a rash. These are expensive but definitely the most gental wipe.To thin. Hard to get out of container.The only wipes I useLove that it is safe to use, but it's very stiff and was very hard on my baby's soft skin. I prefer Honest Wipes.These wipes are great. They are thick and always moist. There are no smells and free of chemicals.Pure and simpleBest wipes with enough moisture to properly wipe babies bum!Absolutely love these. No chemicals, little to no smell. Wonderful. No mold in ours and we go through a ton!Best wipes for a baby with sensitive skin. Wish the packing dispensed the wipes better. Worth the frustration though because they are great wipes!Love it wish the price was a bit lower though...Love for newborns.Good productOnly one I trust for him and my faceThese ARE THE BEST baby wipes. I highly recommend ~ suggest ~ them :DThese wipes are the best wipes I have ever purchased for my baby.my baby love it !
but is to expensive for be water !Love itNo scent, which is why I love water wipes. Good product!I like the wipes natural qualities but they are really hard to get off the packet when you need more than one.I wanted something to use on my kiddo's hands and face after eating. I was getting sick of using a new washcloth every time, and found these online. They do the trick! It's nice that they don't all string together in the package, but it would be nice if the next one would at least pop up a bit when you take one out. I definitely wouldn't want to wrestle with these for diaper changes. For hands and face, these are great! And the 60-count package is the perfect size to keep tucked in the little drawer on the side of my table.Highly recommend. Fixed my babies diaper rash! We will be ordering these from now on!Love these!We started using these when my daughter was a newborn - as recommended by my pediatrician to use for the first little while. I tried switching to standard name brand wipes but they were really wet and my daughter broke out in a rash. The biggest downside is that they don't overlap so you have to pull them out one at a time. Otherwise, I think they work great, and are handy to have around for wiping faces and hands!Super thick! Great quality! Definitely don't put them in the toiletGreat seller great itemLove these, have used for a year exclusively and never had the mold problems some have described. Prefer these to the honest wipes, and they are much purer. Won't use anything else now.Love, love these wipes. They feel refreshing and have no chemical smells that I've experienced with other baby wipes. I buy them by the case and recommend them to all. I've read some reviews that they felt they needed to use more wipes to get the job done. I haven't had that experience. One or two wipes per diaper change at the most. Highly recommend these for baby.Our favorite wipe with no junk in them. The only downside is they way a lot.Non irritating and nice that you can use on baby’s and toddler’s facesWipes are excellent but box was soaking wet and then out into another amazon box and shipped. So when I opened package it’s smelt of mold. Not a good way to get baby wipes !My baby is very sensitive to products. This has been so easy on his skin and doesn't stink!While I love water wipes, the box I recieved from Amazon was already expired.Just what we needed - we use these and Huggies sensitive wipes on baby girls sensitive skinBest wipes there are. When my child had a diaper rash there were hardly any tears with these wonderful pain free wipes!!!I wish I knew about this from birth. But once I did, we use these all the time. Terrific product.Great productNothing.as described.Great non-toxic basic wipes for all purpose!When diaper rash gets bad, these are the only wipes to use!Great for sensitive skinNon flushable? Tf I’m supposed to do after I wipe my ass ?!These are so wet. I love them.Expensive, but I love that it's just water.Best waterwipes for children! It doesn't give rash to children's skin.Best wipes for baby!OkThey don't have that weird gross smell that most wipes have. Nice mild smell. Cleans very well. Safe and healthy. Better price than honest company when purchasing the larger amount.Thank you, Amazon! Love the wipes. Stretchy, holds water well, and does not dry up easily (husband is very bad at sealing the wipes after a diaper change). But most importantly, there's only two ingredients: water and grape seed extract.

There is no contemplation. There's only "YES."No chemicalsVery soft & doesn’t irritate my sons skin.The best baby wipes I beluve! Love the fact there's not much to them that I don't have to worry about what's touching my baby's skin.My baby was sensitive to all the other name brands that were marked sensitive. Water wipes was a savior as it didn't cause any irritations for my baby girl. Worth every penny.I use these on my furbaby....great for the paws, ears and behind.❤️ExcellentGreat product! My daughter is one month old, I've being using wipes every since she was born- never got rush or even redness.Only wipes I use. My baby's bum get irritated with other wipes and he does better with theseIts water based and cleans wellgreatWon't buy againtoo many come out when pulled out other wise they are pretty good.Thigh and well worth the moneysThey do their job superbly and are good for sensitive skin.Love these wipes! We've been using them since my now two year old was a couple months old. We tried other brands but these are the best! We will continue to use them for our new baby as well. They are strong, don't tear, but are still soft.I won't buy any other baby wipes after using these. I bought them for my grandbaby, but use them myself too, as I have very sensitive skin. These are the first wipes that caused no problems at all. I hear that they can get mouldy if left open for too long, but I used them too fast for this to be an issue. Highly recommend these. Don't put chemicals on your baby's tushie; just use these.LOVE! The only wipes I will use on my babe. They stay super moist.THE MOST CLEAN WATERWIPE for MY BABYThese wipes have cleared our daughter's diaper rash completely. We were using Pampers Sensitive before and we were constantly battling diaper rash. The size is good and the wipe is pretty soft. My only complaint, as others haven mentioned, is that the wipes don't always pop a out one after another. For us, this is not a deal breaker due to the make up of the wipe and how it has been working for our daughter.These wipes are perfect of super sensitive skin. They are great for babies and adults.Love these wipes but hate the pkging. Doesnt haveva snap lid so they will dry out.Best wipes ever. Will never use anything else again. Even when my daughter doesn't need wipes anymore I will still buy these for her hands and face. Non-toxic, not irritating, gentle wipes.I love the fact that these wipes has no scent and is very moist.Expensive for wipes. My baby does well with pampers sensitive.Awesome wipes love the ingredientsFavorite wipes, no need for rubbingThe only wipes I will use for my baby with very sensitive skin.LOVE these wipes but I really wish they came out of their packaging easier! So hard to just get one at a time.I’m a third time mom and these wipes weren’t around when I had my older 2 kiddos. What’s the big deal with a wipe right? Well, we use it on our babies’ skin so much and we continue to use them for all sorts of things for our 7 and 5 year olds, so I had put in a lot of time researching every brand on the market. These are by far the best, they have no harsh ingredients, no alcohol, and have been just amazing to use for my newborn as well as older 2!
This is joe my go to brand and highly recommend it! It’s worth the extra cost!I love these wipes! They’re perfect for sensitive skinONLY WATER. CANT GET BETTER THEN THAT. NO INGREDIENTS YOU CANT PRONOUNCE IN YOUR BABY'S BUTT!Liked that they came in large enough package.Mold in the packages. We have three children and use these at a stead heavy rate. I’m starting to see mold. I’m going to stop ordering.ThanksI can't say enough about these. If you have any allergies at all these are perfect.Great product for sensitive skin babiesMy favorite wipes! Get the job done with clean ingredients!Best wipes ever.
Pure water. I'm using it not only for diapering - also for my baby face and hands as well.If you like me are an adult with a sensitive tush you will appreciate these wipes! They don't sting and polish things off nicely.We love these wipes and knowing that they do not contain all the nasty chemicals makes us feel great using them on our twins!They are good but I would be happier if the sheets are thicker and wider.Our son battled acidic diaper rash for weeks and weeks. It wasn't until a friend suggested I change my wipes that it started to clear up. These wipes are very gentle, soft and work well to clean up messes. I also will use to wipe his face and hands and do not worry that it will break him out as they only have water and grape seed extract. So glad they were recommended to me and hopefully you will purchase as well if your little one is sensitive to even sensitive wipes like mine was.I have terrible skin during the summer, but these feel so nice with no harsh chemicals or fragrances. I love em.best wipes for my baby. smells clean. my child is 19 months now and Ive use this product since day one. My child never had a rash!I’ll be purchasing more. The scent made my booty smell like a baby butt. LOLLove these wipes!Great value. Highly satisfied with amazon for this.Love these wipes. They work great when my little one has diaper rash.Work great for the babyOnly four stars because they come out two at a time. Very annoying. Other than that, great product.Without a doubt, simply the best baby wipes! My baby has very sensitive skin and these wipes are the only ones that work well without any irritation or skin reaction.baby and I love it!Best brand of wipes. Non toxic no scent and perfect for my baby boy.These are the wipes they used in our NICU. Best wipes ever.Finally wipes that don’t burn my son’s bum!! Expensive but worth the $$$Great!!No chemicals, great for sensitive skin.Very simple great productthe only wipes I'll use for my babyBEST WIPES FOR BABIES!!!!Our favorite wipe so far.These seem to work well! My son has a diaper rash right now, so we have been using these.Wish that the flap sealed a little better, but love the minimal ingredients.1These are truly wonderful wipes! We have used these ever since our son was born. They are incredibly gentile and have no harsh chemicals. They are the best option out there beside water and cloth.everything good just one pack was leakingFeels rough. Hate I bought so many!Love these! Only disposable wipes that we use.wipes where way to wet
horrible wipes and way to expensiveLike this brand. Nontoxic.Product came expiredI love these. Very gentle with no chemicals. My only issue is they don't always pull out out easily.These are fake water wipes!! They're supposed to just contain water and a drop of grapefruit oil. These contain chloride.Best wipes on the market, no chemicals, works great and doesn't irritate my baby's skin. I refuse to use any different brand!does a much better job cleaning...just wish it connected to other wipes when pulling through wipe warmer...have to open lid to get moreGreat wipes. Do the job and are very gentle on baby's skin. Before we used the Seventh Generation ones for the first 2 weeks and he got a little rash. We change to the waterwipes and never had any problems since.I like the wipes. No problems with the skin so far (the baby is almost 3 months old). The only complain I have is packaging. It breaks when you open it and the wipes do not stay moist very long. I am using Pampers wipes when traveling and WaterWipes stay on the changing table.Best wipes for babiesPackage came open and damaged. Do not know if it was used before or returned, but I needed it for my sons daycare and had to use it, expiration date is 2019.Good quality thickness and softness, so glad they are safe for baby unlike some of the more popular wipesNo added chemicals or additives. These are perfect for washing up babies face and hands, as they are not harsh. Also great for when baby is fighting diaper rash as they are sensitive and mostly water. My wife and I stand by these wipes.love the, I use them since my baby was born. no diaper rashes, no nothing!Expensive, but worth it. No chemicals. Clean.Works really well without chemicals.